Awesome!
This application is really nice.
too many false statements
Fake app
It's ok
Cool
I was banned for no reason. I hadn't even mat had with anyone and I was 
banned without notification.
Most popular date site
nice app
Hey I haven't downloaded this yet I'm 13 can I use the app Google says I can idk tho
Doesny works now
Randomly sends an email in german for no reason. Sometimes the next time you open the app, you need to swipe through the same people. Very annoying. Poor photo quality - photo compression too aggressive. Not up to current standarts.
Its ok
As a direct application with so many bugs... I'd give negative 10 stars, if I could.
Awesome
Nice
My tinder was working and it stopped not impressed
It's helpful
Worst in getting contracts
These kids are alright
Wurde gesperrt... Tinder war echt eine super App, aber nachdem ich gesperrt wurde konnte ich nichts mehr machen. Das Ding ist: ich wurde grundlos gesperrt und keine Ahnung was ich jetzt machen soll.
Great experience
Good
Wont let me log in. Iv just got my sisters phone trying to log in but it keeps saying unable to do this.... like it went even let me put my number in
Very Helpful
Pay $50 get nothing Also nothing special about this app if you want a good experience you might as well but boosts as many times as possible as it only shows you to maybe 20 people. So out of that 20 people you can maybe get lucky but for the money on premium or gold not worth it cus it's so time consuming to even get boosts and when you do it's so distasteful to only seeing a few people look at your profile. How greedy can you be developers. Enjoy my $50 review
Don't know why but tinder is banned my account without any reason i know i didn't do anything wrong but don't know why then banned me even not replying me after completing so it's bad experience from my side.
nan
The app isn't letting me log in after I log into facebook
As long as tinder has been out I have not been able to use it. The requirement to log in with Facebook is something that should be OPTIONAL. It let's you select what you want and don't want to share but if you uncheck anything it won't let you use it until everything is checked. I've never been passed that step because it asks for me to verify with a code. Newsflash, not everyone has a cell phone. Some people use their phones on wifi only, not wasting money to be connected to a provider.
Awesome
Loved it. Tinder helped me a lot in life. When I was depressed and alone, tinder gave me people to talk and spend time with. Also, it helped me a lot to recover from the breakup. I havw been using tinder for almost 2 years now. After numerous hookups and ONS, I finally found love of my life through tinder. Now I have uninstalled tinder for good. I'll definitely miss the experience and I would like to thank the team for making such a wonderful platform. Thank you very much.
Every time I use it, after a while, it will stop working and close. It also shows a "new message" when there is none. Please fix these issues.
should give a month free for everything and do bundle packages instead of charging separately
Come on now I put some random bio and photo of mr. Sin he is not what you think he is youtuber as well. Before banning atleast give a warning about what is happening . Arrogant app developer . Very bad experience given by developers . Never gonna use it again such arrogant app.
u guys earlier provide direct link to Instagram.. where as now u guys not providing that... try to rectify thata
Good
The app always error when trying to verify your phone number. Can't sign up.
swipe life
intimate
nan
Horrible app. They automwtically started charging me for Gold, and now I just wasted 30 min of my life trying to find a way to cancel that cancer with no luck. Stay FAAAAR away from this scummy app.
nice
Awesome
so this app is actually useless unless you pay real money for it.... what a useless app that just asks for more and more money the more you use it !
Nothing but fake profiles and bots
It keeps saying missing permissions because I won't let tinder use what I've liked on Facebook. I've used everything else just not that please fix it's really annoying and won't let me use it
Tinder is great easy to use. Meet people of different race
I don't like the fact that Tinder bypass the age and distance preferences that I set to have me stay on the app and go through people that I'm not even interested in. What's the point of having the option if they are not even respected. I don't want to meet someone that lives to far or is to young or older than my preferences. I also don't want to go through a never ending useless options for ever. Please don't bypass my preferences just to keep me on the app.
Cool
2 matches in 2 days. Its not been going well. Jesus...
You get what you put into it.
nice
I keep getting banned randomly, or needing multiple varifications. I'm not sure why I'm being banned either - I'm just swiping and have nothing on my profile that is violating the rules. It's seriously annoying.
It performs as advertised.
Payment is silly.
not so good not so bad, many fake users are available on this app
Banned for no reason. They don't give reason, just say you are banned and can't make no more accounts
It's an app with an idea that works but I have trouble reconciling all the glitches that comes with it.  People come up with who I am already matched.  Often the same people come up 2 or 3 times in the same 3 min span.  The chat interface is very glitchy.  Twice in a row, a message I was typing just disappeared.  When typing, you can hardly scroll through previous messages because it jumps all over the place.  Get it together Tinder!
Great service, match left my place 20 minutes ago, note to everyone: Tinder is like life, you either know how to play the game or you don't, don't down rate because of personal rejection
Buggy app. I had tinder plus, just bought gold and guess what? It is limiting the number of likes I can give. I was able to give out unlimited likes even when I had plus, tinder gold should be an upgrade, not a downgrade. What the hell is this?
Good Improvement
Doesn't show bio along with pic. If you wanna read bio you have to touch that tiny i button.
Easy to use but there are fake profiles
I can tell these profiles are fake no one is that good looking. The men profiles are fake.I bet there using a fake account of a celebrity or they heavily photoshopped there profile.Be warned these are fake profiles your better off using Facebook dating that's real they show most men are flawed.These men are fake.
Put that I'm not interested in someone who supports trump and got banned. There's no going back to tinder after that I guess
Carp, most profiles are fake.
Tus put Ok
Great💯
Good
Very goood
Hi, it's error sometimes and i can't even log in via facebook that i used to do.
Honestly, I'd probably give it 3 stars if it were not for the technical issues. With every new update it seems like my app glitches more and more with every update. It continually has to shut itself down and restart because it is always freezing and unresponsive. Today, it wouldn't let me log in, and when it finally did, it won't send my messages. So what's the point? I tried out the subscription for fun, and will not be renewing. Why am I paying for something that only works half the time anyway? Useless.
Getting banned without a reason it sucks
Cool
Trash app over priced services a lot of fake profiles
great way of fast meeting up
scam software with generated likes to fish money. not possible to message people without pay. fraud app.
great
Neat
Very true
Kool
Prety crak up  :)
I can't use it :( doesn't want to recognize my phone number
Not able to log in my account
Tem uns cinco dias a nao consigo usar o App.
finally aftr so many mnths 1match found
Found the love of my life
Can't even log in
Just Tinder
It
The app doesn't allow you on 50% of the time and really isn't user friendly!
So tinder was going great, too o decided to bye tinder plus, I used a boost and in the middle of boost, I stopped getting swipes completely, what happen to the unlimited swipes? It's false advertisement. Haven't been able to swipe for more that 10 hours.
excellent app
Nice app
Well I think this app does make you look forward to making new friends or at least having someone to talk to but at the same time some of the interface is a bit slow and touchy.  Just like most social apps or even websites it is grueling and feels a bit lacking.  Possibly the ability to add more to the profile or even just basic things that people put into the profile that will not take up the "about" space.
Excelent app
So apparently I've been banned even though I never made a tinder account? Is there anything I can do about this?
It could be better to many fake and scammers
Fun.
Dont download, not worth it at all. Way to many spam accounts. Figured having a fb login would prevent that. I would rate 0 stars if I could.
Pretty cool app. Love everything about it. Its just i wish we had more ways to contact someone but other then that i love this app.
It sucks
Smooth chat. Easy to access pic
This app does so little and now they want me to pay for it? No way.
❤️
Good
Can't log in becuz app can't access GPS on mah smartphone anyway i always turn on GPS... Admitted permission ... It's not work
people don't have a conversation. Sounds like they're not interested. Then you have to pay to chat to people you're interested in.
Good
Does what it says it will do, just has a small issue with location.  Should update that more easily.
There are so many fake accounts on this app, also you used to be able to disable ads with tinder plus but now you must have gold to do that.. Money grabbing bastards.
This app randomly shuts down all the time, I can't view my own moments, and when I try to view them the app shuts down.
👻
Nice
Jsab se bakwas match hone ke pad paise bhar ne bolte Whale he bta dena chae ye rechage kar na padta kar ke Koi aakar tp q krega is bakwas app pe
When the app works its good.
Ive had a good time getting to know different people its fun.
Used to be good, now it's awful.
I have to say I'm severely disappointed with the new tinder. I have to pay for likes? What the heck is that all about. Plus I'd doesn't help that no one is a match. And if some one dose they are spam/ not/ automated response. It's sad.
i am from chennai, india.Moneyminded, stressful app. there is no way you can chat with any user without match even they like your profile. if others like your profile you have to pay to see them, if you want reload the profiles tinder asks more money, superlikes also money, this is the worst user experience app(i would call it spam and scan app) you can get in play store.
Sometimes matches are 500+ miles away
Keeps telling me it failed to upload profile pictures which prevents me from going any further in the process. Eventually had to give up and delete the app.
Someone, I refused to date reported me and they banned me. U guys need to findout if it is true before acting. I regret using d app in a way. Because, most men there are all about sex. Pretending to want to date u.
Only for facebook accounts !!!!
Do not like having to link everything from my facebook. Would be good with just email and birthday. Don't need all my interests up there.
Love it
Fake users that are just bots sponsored by the company to make you spend money, really classy
I paid for this app for six months after that few days before I decided to not buy additional six months, few days before i think i clicked on Google Play Store not to charge automatically but yesterday my bank charged me after that i tried to refund but in history it's showing i didn't pay anything,it's very confusing ,don't know what to do now.help me please thanks
It's all fun and games till someone gets hurt lol :D
Its OK app
Full of bots, absolutely inundated with them.
I love it
Dopo un po se non paghi il profilo diventa praticamente isolato, niente più likes nel corso di settimane. Inoltre su Badoo prendi 5 likes quando su tinder uno solo
But wait there"s more ...
Yup
I keep seeing the same people over and over. Tinder let's me see people that are not in my state. I set up the range, and they're somehow 100 miles away from me?? I didn't set the range to see people that faraway from me. Plus, they show me people that aren't in my age preferences, whats the point. :/ should try fb dating instead. Apparently even if you buy tinder gold, you can still see ads. IT STRICTLY SAYS IT HIDES ADS IF U BUY THE SUBSCRIPTION.. LIES
For trolls and people looking for one night stands this is great. Some people end up dating but it's just as fun to troll and entertain yourself when you have to poop after Chipotle and need to kill some time.
best dating app in the market
Working good
its the best dating app
Sucks. Literally sucks. Don't ever waste your time on this. I spent half a day and I regret every minute.
get the puss
Bad EXPERIENCE!! Worst app ever...
Nice to used
I don't have Facebook therefore I can't use tinder. Makes no sense to me....deleted
Tinder iz okay
the match loading error is now fixed with latest 29/2/16 update and also the picture load smoothly now where previously it had problem loading most of the picture. Edit: you wont get match at all unless you are a paid user.
Awesome Dating app 👌👌👌👌
It's too expensive but I'm using the free one so it's all right
Nice app
很好
This app would work great if it wouldn't crash all the time. About 60% of the time I use it it will crash after maybe five minutes.
The best dating app 👏👏👏
found my match!!!!
Kind of okay
Sucks it keeps giving me log in errors. My fb log in and app is working, but they won't let me back into tinder. No way to reach out to a tech support either.  It tells you to just try again. Been trying for 30 minutes.
Awesome
Awesm
Slow. Very slow.
Capitalist scum
Good for what it is designed for. Maybe not the nest for actual dates.
Great way of meeting new interesting people. As always.. patience pays. Tinder keeps it as simple as possible
Cool site
Love it
easy to use
Good
To many fake accounts
I want buy tinder gold but it was not accepting and card 🃏 or Google pay plz help me friendzz no upi noo net banking what I have to do now
I wish the notification sound would work, I miss messages and matches all the time. I've tried restarting my phone and uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still no difference!
good
Bekar hai bahut
Got banned after matching with bots, quality app
Lame, many fake profiles
Amazing
Good
I'm pretty sure guys get filtered by the algorithm into sub categories and then the paid or the higher rated guys get viewed placed on the swipe list more. 🤔 seems sort of fishy to me
Good
BRING BACK TINDER SOCIAL
Nice
I always get logged out. And when I log in with Facebook, I get a message saying there was a problem logging into Tinder. Google can't fix it either.  Please fix.
But for the most part now just stalls on the "Finding people near you..." loading screen.  Disappointing app updates if this is the result.  Re: reply. Doesn't work with gps enabled either. Also tried on wifi vs network, reinstalling, force stop... No luck. Using a samsung S3, seems to be an app problem.
great
Keeps saying there's an error when adding a moment
This app is useless, its not open in my phone
nais appsd
unable to see ig page with new update
We not let me log in. Keeps on telling me error logging in
I like it
good app
Fun app
I was banned for violation of the terms and policies, but I have read them and found that I did not actually violate any of them.
I hate this app because they kick me out severally without giving me reason.
It wants all your time just to get 1 match
Great ap
not good
Banned for no reason and I'm not alone. They don't even look into it your just banned I had it for less than 12 hours and didn't brake any police.
This application block everybody
Takes lot of patience to upload a new pic
They banned me for no reason and are refusing to clarify. Several emails I sent didn't help to get support. Their support team must be bots, because they give the same useless answer to my question. This app is dead. check out the last reviews in the last 2 months. no one is happy with the app. Farewell Tinder.
I wish it would be more friendly and less sales oriented
I hate how all these losers with cheap phones say it sucks.  Get out of the desert or buy a better phone.  They'll waste money on the app but not the phone. These people have no lives. Losers
Sort of works ok but it locks up whenever I try to exit the profile edit 
screen abd loses any changes I've made.
dear tinder team, i am on tinder last 1 week,also i am a member of tinder gold.i used the super likes and boost,bt still there is no positive response is comming from any one.why this happening.can u please explain.
Seems to be like other free sites sex hook ups or nothing.  Not the sleep around type so it's not a good match for me.
Need make easier contact people
Fun dating app, they try too hard to get you to pay tho, and a ridiculous amount.
Nice one
😍
Doesnt let me do anything cant swipe or anything
Purchased Platinum subscription, Got 5 super likes which got over , Subscription says Everyweek 5 additional super likes , still haven't received any
What i dont understand is your talking to a guy for a couple of days. You then leave the phone for 1 min and the guy has disappeared. One of them had just sent me his number and I put it in my phone. Lucky because He said he didn't delete me so where are my matches disappearing to. The next think is I don't always get notifications that I have a message.
Ho
I tried buying tinder gold but it said oops somthing went wrong, BUT IT STILL TOOK MY MONEY almost 100$
goos
Should be free
Tinder works. It takes care of the introductions.. you get to do the rest.. solid app.. more to cum.. Michael Davinti
New update sucks big ones...doesn't search properly...glitchy and freezes alot even after uninstall and reinstall 👎
Shite. Banned for NOTHING. Ran by snowflakes I presume.
Still struggling to find miss right, but getting there, overall a good app
Butifull
Good interface
Bad since the update. To many fake profiles.
normal
bad app i got banned without reason can u tell me why
I paid for the gold service and literally for 50 dollars you get nothing. This app is a money pit and has a bunch of catfishing or camera girls. No real dating here
Can't even log in. The QA team is gonna be up late tonight... sorry guys.
Okay i was enjoying the service and for years. But i was permanently removed from the app and cant get back on. Im still not sure what my error was but i think i deserved to know at least. Well. Not sure i want to be on there anymore because in my country the purpose of the app has been altered by the dominant users so bye!! Btw, how do i give 2.5 rating
код пришёл на телефон, ввела, но дальше приложение не грузит
Won't let me upload photos. Been two months
I don't see why I shouldn't be able to go back through people and reswipe or why I should have to pay more than $1 for a superlike, it would be good if there was a search function for user profiles. Also there's a problem with the location service, I have to keep my wi-fi on all the time (waste of battery) even when I don't have a connection or using cellular data. GPS based location service would be more effective.
Snoozed my account for 6 months and now I'm banned. With no explanation!Lovely! Ah well, I'll take it as sign from the gods 🤷🏾‍♀️
Downloaded it and immediately uninstalled because of no alternative sign in options,  only Facebook sign in.
Nice
Fun
Worst money stealing app
Not sure if everyone on this is serious though. I know some friends who do this purely for fun, and have no desire to actually meet up.
Well, we all know it's good and what it is good for.
V.good
99.9% of the women on this app or are either fake or a bunch a bs cause they never respond other than a quick response or nothing at all.
Love it
Ether no one near me uses tinder or this app is a pos. Sat ther for 20 min waiting for it to find ppl near me and it didn't so I'm done with it.
Security concern: As an IT person, I tested the app recently. It has serious security and privacy concerns. The contents of the chats are monitored and checked in background. It seems ok for some, but it clearly violates data privacy. Yet there are loads of fake profiles there. It seems they collect more data than you consent during setup. I believe its purpose is data collecting, tracking through GPS & pushing you to subscribe. They don't care if you find a date.
I got a match apparently all the time most people want to have sex. It was soo sad 😔
Rated. Now leave me alone 👌
Decent app until recently. Less bots with the updates but now it wont let me log in at all.. Very disappointing
Bakwasss app
It cool
I met my ex-girlfriend on this app. She got mad at me and let all my Pokemon go, got me hooked on Heroin, had intercourse with all my friends and chopped off my penis. Five stars!
Tinder, I am concerned that my androids platform is malfunctioning due to a severe virus involving massive amounts of malware cookies and other automatic caches.
Uploading photos fails. Makes the app unusable.
🔥🔥
Really good app would of gave it 5 stars if you didn't have limited likes
Is almost useless in small city or town.  Even living outside of Denver I had difficult time getting any matches.
Had the app for about 24 hours and randomly got banned so that's just splendid
You can get matches ! How well do you get to communicate and meet people here online is it about. Not Just dates , you can even get good friends on TINDER . How ever it is not a GOOD plateform to find DATES and GOOD CONNECTION .
Tinder won't work on my android. Every time I try to use it the screen stays white... Definitely needs to be fixed!
This app is Great! If you need any help please feel free to reply
i can t sign in with my email only with Facebook
O app é bom e tal mas acho que tá com problema, não dou match com ninguém.
Pretty good. Just as long as others actually talk and not use you for more likes
I matched with this one guy a few days ago but we started chatting this morning. A little ways into the conversation and his messages end up close to the bottom of my list, almost as if it wasn't my most recent chat. Then after I send another message, I go look at my bio for whatever reason and when I click back into my matches, the entire conversation is home, and I've lost the match. I honestly don't believe he just up and unmatched me cause we were just starting to talk. And this isn't the first time.
I'm about to troll alot of guys Lmfao 😂😂😂
It's fun but it's not working right now
App icon/bookmark gone missing from homescreen
I love the app and it's nice to meet new people.  Some of the main issues have been fixed for me, but I can't edit a moment without it crashing on me.  Can only use white font and the Orange/red color for the drawing part
Love tinder that's why I keep using it!!!!!!!
Very nice
What a cheating dating app. They make you pay already a large amount in order to use the app and then tell you that you need to pay even more money for people to see your likes sooner! Scammy dating app! If you want to use this app to date then you need to pay a scripting then another extra subscription for basic dating app features. Ridiculous!
I got banned for no reason and they couldn't even tell me what happened, there was no talking, no way to solve this problem. The worst company when comes to costumer attendance.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
seems full of beautiful women who are struck on themselves and Im too old for a lot of them!
yeah it's a scam, it asked me to upgrade I clicked no and then the next time I logged in it said I was banned, but i never did anything to get banned so yeah if you dont pay you get banned
I was logged in and swiping one minute, and then automatically logged out the next. Now when I try to log back in, even with the correct password, it says "Login Failed." I have uninstalled/re-installed the app, rebooted my phone, no dice. Guess I'll wait and see if an update fixes the issue. I'm on a Samsung Note 4
good
Fast and easy way to meet new people in seconds
I'm a 7 to 8 out of 10 in terms of looks (tested online) and I bought the platnum subscription and it gave me zero results. Tinder is built upon a lie. Their product doesn't deliver. At least now I can say I tried it, but I'm not even proud of that really.
Great app!
Good
Meeting gud people easly .....and new
meh
Even after taking subscription of one year ... And getting a match ... I cannot send message to my match ... What the hell is wrong 😡😡😡
Iike
it bolcked me for absoultely no reason. i don't know why and seems there is nothing i can do about it
Met my soul mate and one week later we are engaged, and traveling across the country together
U swipe 4 times than photos disapear frustrating then it goes bak to profile photo
Pretty terrible and getting worse. Tinder (and some of its competitors) now charge for features that used to be included with a subscription. Why should a paying user have to pay extra, after prices have already increased recently, to see who has already liked them? They're nickel and diming users instead of trying to provide a service—the entire point of the app is to provide a matchmaking service!
Nice app
Pretty boring, just match with single moms and can't really meat up in person most of the time.
Pay for everything or Wait for nothing.. This app made me wait 12h for 
10-20+ swipes so many times.. And people are so unresponsive.. Waste of 
space and time.. Theres literally nothing you can do..
Opened an account in 2019 and was immediately banned for posting "bound to be deleted" in my bio, implying I would eventually delete my profile. Four years later, multiple appeals, and still no human response. Terrible application of their TOS, and equally terrible customer service.
I want to control what information is posted from fb login
Very good app
Iss ke maa ka ye koun app hai ek b ladki ke sath match nahi ho raha hai app walo ko khali paisa chahiye bas. Randi ke tinder wale ek ko b reply nahi jsregye
Was working fine, then i wouldnt let me swipe right anymore. It always says "there was a problem bringing up items from the store" or something like that then it will only let me swipe left
Fake profiles abound. Completely useless. Download Bumble instead.
kik me - chrisstanford52
Awesome
Great. Does what it says on the tin
my 15 year old daughter opened an account saying she was 24. i cant delete account cause i closed her facebook account. she has already had a man contact her. i dont think its fair to ANY man to get caught into any situation with law enforcement because a teen lied. its been happening through her school with all the teens
Its a amzing way to find friends
Best
Asks for FB logins and has no other way of logging in!
randomly perma bans people without any reason and warnings, don't waste your time with this app
Absolute garbage, won't let me unsubscribe from tinder plus, I hit "manage subscriptions" and all it says is "you have no subscriptions for this account" even though it tells me when the next payment is coming off my card. I want to to delete my account but as usual I can't log in, I've never had an app work this terribly for this long before.
Fixed
Fun app but any chance in resetting my account?? says I'm 107. Changed my fb details but still persists. Pretty sure the age cut off is 55 so this "old" kid has kinda been screwed. Help a brother out :-)
For its intended use it works well however some extra features are required like being able to search for people you want to like etcetera
Looks aren't everything.
Not getting response
So sick
Smam. Bots. No distance setting that works. Garbage site!
Paid to remove adds and you still get adds
Good
Cool
It's impossible to view profiles of your matches. This has been said before but your solution doesn't work. Turning location off and on, relogging, force closing, reinstalling, nothing works.
Can't log in
Used it before and trying it again now that I moved
ok
Good
I have never gone against their terms of service but if some random guy doesn't like you rejecting them they can report you and your automatically banned for life with no explanation or appeal process.
Too bad, it goes off when I open it.
Samsung S5 does not get past loading screen, cannot access account at all. Had no problems on Iphone
Good and awesome app to vibe with
No credit, no code, no password and no man for me to find! I can't use this great app! But its a good idea to me people! Just got to have the right information!
The algorithm is completely random and it won't even show me my matches anymore
Amazing with thousand of new girls
Better wear a latex, cause you dont want that late text, that "i think i am late" text. so wrap up your bumboclaat jaaahnsonn you pussyboooay!!
Uninstalled after 30 seconds, I don't want to sign in with Facebook,no option to create a separate account
Cant log in
It's fun to be on tinder though I haven't met anyone in particular.. I just enjoy swiping left and right during my boredom
The app worked fine until the newest update when they added expiring matches. I don't get on Tinder, but once a week, how am I supposed to talk to these matches if they expire within 24 hours? My messages won't send anymore, and there's no reason for them not to send. I don't know what they did in this update, but they've ruined the app.
Grt app
This is a brilliant app. Way better than any other dating site/apps I am on :) keep the great work up tinder team :)
Good but reduce the cost
Can not even open the app, it keeps crashing!
👍
Doesn't let me login. 1/50 tries before I got to login. Unfortunate for a decent app.
Please have Google Translate included in your app (like in Facebook, 
automatically translated to the profile's language). In Poland, woman who 
do not speak English swipe left when they find an English presentation, and 
I am sure all foreigners have the same issue in non-English speaking 
countries. Thank you!
It serves a purpose
Fun
Its like dating...has its ups and its downs. Its Oh Yes and Oh Nos...with a few coyote uglies. 🤷‍♀️
Worst App Ever
Good app
wish there was a little more diversity but not tinder's fault...
Very annoying as impossible to even get on the app!!! Keeps saying having problems logging in try again later!
Good App
Good app, location works great.
Only rating so they stop telling me to rate them
It glitches I open the app then the app closes
paid 4.99$ for a boost. didnt get a boost.
they r the worst service provider.... on that they charge you w/o even confirming from you... nd just sends 1 bot match on the renewal date..
App behaves differently in different countries. On mature and rich countries it tries to make you pay more. On poor countries, it actually gives you likes. Anyway in general it is waste of money.
Fake apps only play with your emotions........ Don't install...
...
I can't even log in now
The swiping thing is broken I keep seeing the same people
The app won't let me buy tinder gold for one month even after uninstalling it.
It is logging me out every two or three days....even if my data is still there when i log in its alright but i have to register from the first again
Now it's not lettikng me update anything u tried loging out and even 
deleted the app and redownloaded it and it still won't work right
Honestly this thing sorta works. Of course tho it quit working again.
My account was banned for violating terms and I did nothing. I have an active premium membership for one year. Please refund my money as this is still under 14 days which I subscribed. Based on EU policies, I am required to get a refund.
good
Free version is unusable, paid one is theft. Higly regret that I even used this app...
ok
Finally realized that depending on your age, sex, and location you can be hidden behind a pay wall so you don't get matches. Shouldn't be surprised, everything is a business after all.
OK if its free it will wonder
No matches, the standards of the women participating in the app are too high I suppose
waste
Ek no
Nice
prices too high, very limited functionality compared with that app years ago
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Achei meu amor &lt;3 obrigada Tinder
I wish the app didn't allow such sexual pictures
Keeps saying "there was a problem sending your code,please try again"
When I scroll through the mesaages it skips back to the top constantly. The entire point of the app is to talk to people, and you cant even see your conversation.
Fine
Wonderful 👏 👏
Something went wrong. Please try again later.
Messages WILL NOT LOAD. I have reset and looged out numerous times. This is so frustrating.
They've made a lot of great upgrades. Fun app!  When trying to swipe left on a picture, I often swipe the whole page and move into the message tab. I would prefer if I could only access the other tabs (messages and moments) by actually pressing directly on them.
So dumb. I got banned from this app only after finally figuring out how to use it. I dont know why I got banned and can never sign back up cause it flags your number and your fb. Total bogus.
It's ok
Fixed all "issues" it could have been, uninstalled then reinstalled it and nothing. Started right after update. Pretty flipping irritating.
Just downloaded today, enjoying immensely...
Good
i got one match and after few mints its gone
Horrendous update. Crashes every 5th swipe.
Love
Good app for take relationship.
Fun and the Best Dating App I've experienced 😁👍🏼
Is this payable app
It won't let me verify my phone so I can use the app just a waste of my time downloading
good experience
Nice
Its alright. Pretty much what I expected and so far no issues with bugs or crashing. Keep it up
For an app that depends 90% on choosing and uploading photos and fails when trying to do so, makes this app, well, a 90% fail.
It was only a matter of time before tinder became inundated with fake profiles. Like any business, who cares as long as they get paid.
nice app
Good app
The app always pops up to have me scan location using Wifi for several times even I tap on no or yes.
Screw that
When i provide my phone number, it always shows an error message
Always giving an error. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling and it still doesn't work.
Notifications arent working.
won't allow for the creation of a profile. how can one use this if they can't make a profile. beyond useless.
God I thought grindr was greedy but this app takes it to a whole new level. Basicslly can't do anything, forget accidentally swiping no on someone, goodbye that person unless you delete your account and start over. Oh you wanna see who likes you, guess you better pay $45 for one month to see them
Terrible experience with support! Issues with loading picture, then they ban my account without any explanation.
Nice
May.1985.30
Gives me am error when I try to message people
It's a good app where you can find a lot of people. I wish we could have the option to delete the message if the other person didn't see it yet. The app takes too much memory, in a couple of days days the cache was close to 1GB.
great stuff!
You managed to make the Turn on Wifi nag-popup even more incessant than the last update. Are you TRYING to wreck this app? Uninstalling now. Goodbye.
Ehhhh
Great
I think I have to pay for getting likes on this app.its just showing profiles....
They hide matches until you pay.
New update looks good. So far so good i like it.
love it
I think some options need to modified
It's actually good
Tinder block my I'd without any reason. It's irritating me. Waste application. I want to other ones.😏
very good
I was banned with no reason. Nothing was completely explain to me.
excellent
app is super bugged I got a gold subscription for a year and I deleted my account for a little but but got back on I'm trying to restore my purchases but it keeps saying they can't restore at this time and to try again later.....I've been at it for 8 hours now
been having tons problems. it wont let me log in and when it does it has been having me create a new account. I just want to access my account I created back in july
Nice
Awesome
This app just wants your $$$$$
First time I actually liked one of these apps
It keeps periodically asking me to rate it or say something about it on here. But I've already done both. Otherwise..  ITS AWESOME!!
very nice app
Waste app with no matches..even mostly fake people are in this app at least there should be verification.. i dont have to be here to just check out the pics of different girls..neeed to get chat and match
This application really sucks
I mean its a good app and all but for some reason 90% of the people you find the freaking app will glitch and make there messages dissapear where you can no longer get ahold of them. Please fix this
At R900 a month 😳 that's flipping crazy
Ever since I updated the app, I cant edit my bio. It gives me an error 
message.
This app isn't working properly , i am unable to buy premium gold membership , help me ASAP .
There are no any sound notifications about matches or messages.
I installed tinder in my phone today and logged in by facebook but it shows error as your account has been banned how its possible even I don't open it once 🙄🙄🙄
I'm followed your rules and why does my apps absolutely banned devs?
World's best cheating app.
Gotten two matches that disappeared because I didn't click the notification and opened the app from my homepage.
going farther and farther downhill
Hate it
Half the profiles fake and the other half are 100 miles away. You can change the settings but it won't matter.
This app is utter trash its gone from a free app to then pay for tinder plus or gold for a better chance of matches which you barely still get any. I was getting 10-20 matches a week until all these pay features came out. Now they have added tinder platinum for a extra £60. Save your money and go somewhere else they are just leeching money with their lies
very good
Good app, but need a way to verify photos. Too many scammers.
App sucks
Crashes a lot.
Veary bad app never download bad & fake application friend
I can't log in! I hate it! please help me solve this
I got banned for no reason, as far I know I didn't break any t&r they don't even mention why they banned me. can't even refer to their team regarding this.
Good
it keeps crashing
Banned for no reason?
It's ok
So far got some matchups, an can we send gifs
Am having huge amounts of battery drain from tinder using the gps. Weirdest part, it's doing this when the app is shut down from task manager, and the gps is switched off. App itself confirms though that it's using gps constantly even when it is off. Definitely a nasty glitch somewhere. Have done several error reports. Over a day around 50% of my battery drain is from tinder even if I never run the app.
I don't know why it works only for some ppl but this app is cool
Every thing money !?
ALR8 M8
Don't waste your time! 1 out of every 10 profiles is a real person. They don't do anything to get rid of prostitutes or bots. And if you report too many of these fake profiles, they BOOT YOU! Can not wait for the class action lawsuits against this company!
Regardless of I'm on WiFi or using data, I can browse a few people and then it crashes. I'm about to uninstall it it's so bad.
So far mixed bag experience
Spend 30 minutes or more trying to log in and get automatically logged out every time I use it. Went through acct recovery several times, it still just crashes after I type in any of my login info, phone number/facebook/email doesn't matter app just crashes
It doesn't let me to delete my account.
☺️
The app takes forever to load and allow me to log in. I can't log in at all.
nan
😄😄😄
No luck so far
my account freezes while loading for location and this has been happening for days. i tried logging in and out countless of times as well as uninstall and reinstalling the app but nothing happens. please fix this.
Deducted my money again while my subcription still active...sent a message 
to them but still no reply...
ok
Perkembangan aplikasi ini semakin membaik. Filterisasinya sudah sesuai keinginan pengguna. Tetapi satu yang aneh, koneksi ke IG kenapa harus login?
Can't believe you have to pay for "like"
Yey
Logged me out for whatever reason and won't let me log back in to check messages or anything else. Have tried re-downloading as well as reaching out. No idea why they chose to log me out in the first place, and frustrating they refuse to help and make it impossible to login again. :/
Nice app
This is awful didn't violate any guidelines and they band me for bo reason
I have alot of fun meeting new people
can't login. why?
Haven't found any match since 2017
fine
Downloaded and installed a few weeks ago. For the first week or so, I used to get loads of recommendations but now i'm getting fewer everyday. And location ain't my problem, since I live in a big city. Anyway, good app for it's purpose, really works
Nice. Lekin bahut time dena hoga. 1 month me ek connectivity
So my account was banned for reasons I don't understand. I don't think I violated any of the rules nor did I harass anyone. Was in a really great conversation with someone and they I get banned. It will be nice to know the reason why though. Very disappointing.
Awesome
Well, I like the app and the way it works, but I'm ugly af so I havn't matched anyone. Maybe if I put more pictures of me doing drugs, idk, anyways yeah it's a good app.
Free version is better than the paid version sucks
It's not showing matches even though I have it set for up to 100 miles away
Will not let me verify my number
Worst app till i have used ...ashole
The app does this thing we're I can't see my matches. What's the point in using a dating app if you can't see who you match with.
Browsing through the app and the phone resets itself
This app has gone downhill. Not only can anyone not see my messages, but all I get is "can't find anyone near you". I live in a city with well over 1 million people. Can't find anyone within a 160km radius?
How do you change the difficulty settings ??
Its just sitting on the opening screen doing nothing.
Good move limiting the number of swipes, more money for Mr Tindr . I'd would rather use other dating app than paying for any subscription. Good luck
Won't let me log in. Rubbish app
I was banned with no explanation and I'm very confused. I had logged in and had to prove I wasn't a robot a few times and then my account said I was banned. I haven't sent anybody messages in months so it shouldn't have been because I said something weird. Also, no profanity or hate speech is in my description. Very confused and do not know what I could have done to be banned. Sent a message to Tinder to get my case looked at but the website said there was no guarantee they will review my case.
I've actually have met some really cool guys. I have been on some good dates and some horrible lol! But I think that would happen no matter what dating site used. I like that the only way someone gets my # is if I give it to them otherwise I can just unmatch and they can no longer contact me. I'm having fun and it's a great way to meet people locally. Who knows I might just meet someone that clicks and my tendering days will be over haha! 😊 until then happy swiping!
App manipulated by tinder. Paid for a month of it's gold service and only received a few likes during the one month subscription. Once my subscription expired, I received 45 likes with 24hrs.
i had some problems seeing my DMs and matches. I tried it on their website and it worked. there something wrong with the app
Too many catfish
Since the update , I can't message with former matches or new ones
Algorithm to kill your time and money
اا
Constantly freezes and glitches out and I can't even open it anymore
Nothing but terrible reviews!!!! Omg I think I'll go elsewhere. Ther is not 1 good review in all the comments 4 reviews. Seems like tinder needs a huge overhaul
Virtually useless. They just pump the pay options which are ridiculously expensive. You will not get any matches without paying for tinder gold. It is a scam. Really it should be illegal under Australian consumer law. Avoid.
Pretty nice app. With plenty of pretty women
I'm sorry
Easy to meet your soul mate
Would not download onto my phone, I'm very disappointed. Has worked on this phone in the past and is not due to lack of space.
Cool wee app
Good butt I'm 10 years old
it doesnt work at all. it doesnt show me any people around 150 km, reinstalling didnt help. and i cant even message to support service for help. upd. i cant even delete my profile!!!
It's fair
good
Found nothing but fake people for almost 6 months. This app is garbage.
Lah
Slow, breaks all the time.
All ways breaking down worse than a range rover
Can't log out
😙
Worst app ever.... It takes 100hrs to verify an account and during dat time i cant even access the app.... Aisle is far more better than this stupid tinder. Dont use this app guys... Its unsafe and harmful to use....
Nice
Thanks
Cant login without facebook
It's not working In my phone even after installing😑😑😑😑
Trying to log in, as soon as I hit the log in with Facebook button the page goes to "error on line 1 at column 260: EntityRef: expecting ';'  "
Nothing but cam girls on here, deleting this app.
Unless your wanting to spend a fortune...dont bother with this app.
It could be better if it was explained better with a pdf  file.
Love it
It helps to find the uno
Someone has taken it upon themselves to impersonate an account under my name and use pictures from my Instagram account . My name is Hannah Menne and I'd like to let you know i am a minor , they have used pictures of my homecoming and i know this because several people i know who have used this app has found an account with my face. I have never had this app or set up an account under my name. I would really appreciate if this could be fixed
No comment
Worst app. I got banned . They didn't even tell me why .
For the introverts to promote only fans, their parents must be soo proud their daughters have become lazy and sell degrading photos and videos of themselves to earn cash. Keep away from tinder
Cannot open this app
Nice
Seriously needs a locals button,you can't go back to local people in your area because it constantly tells you there is no one new,got potential but needs work
Its good for meeting friends
Every time I try to log in using my data it says there's an error; and the app has glitched so it's showing all my messages and matches as unread.
Not bad
very bad dating app
Good user interface.
It's awesome I met my future ex-wife on here!
best
Get banned for asking for sex on sex app
Good platform but need to bit flexible
This app is unable to open just showing white screen
Showing likes from profiles which do not exist. I have been swiping for 15 days now still haven't found these profiles. Deceiving app.
tinderizing
It is showing that Account is banned. Don't know how it works.nit able to log in now.
Why do u need location to be on just to send and receive messages? Why can't we set the location manually? It wastes so much battery. Can't edit my "interests". Can't upload profile pic from phone...
Fake app
Nice app
tida is a good site which can make someone to meet different people
When I just started it shows searching and then something went wrong try again without reason
Wants too much info from Facebook to even get started
Find matches fast with this.
Problem with code Activision When im going to login with mobile phone, there is code Activision right? In that case, u didnt give any code to my phone number
One of the worst dating apps I've ever seen. It would be terrible even if it worked and weren't monetized to tears. Stay away.
Gotta love looking at attractive women
Good
App keeps crashing after I tap on any user's bio. Already uninstalled and installed back again. The problem is the same
A lot of fake profiles and just isnt like 2-3 years ago where it WORKED like it was supposed to work.
Lup lup
Never loaded. It's just a white screen with a blinking red flame. It sucks!!!!
Nice
toxic
Why can i make an account without facebook?? This is garbage...
Stupid app
i can't login
Good
I never found the any one.... I don't no how but.... pls help me....
I Love Trolling People With This
exellent
You only get matches of you pay..
Ima just be catfishing for money
So far this app is good. Will rate more later when I experience more
Attttt
Who bc developer of this app
Waste of time and money
tinder app stopped working saying no data connection but my WiFi working and access to all other apps ok so I uninstalled it & tried to do it again but still not working!
good
Most buggy app Ive used! Today force stop then reinstall has not fixed the issue that I simply can't log in! You need to sort it not us! And for those who criticize the people who you are matched with, thats got nothing to do with Tinder!
Use 6tin on windows 10 instead.
Constant errors, don't get messages, can't reply, keeps giving errors.
Super easy layout and very helpful features!
Also can't update to gold.
Badiya
Fun to chat met a few people never been kidnapped, so there's that!
Can be a great app
Ehhh so so but overall pretty cool
A few crashes on my android. Frequent glitches while refreshing display (e.g. repeated screen refresh as if something was being restarted in the background). Quite a few inconsistent notification icons (i.e. the new message red dot still shows for a good while after all messages have been read). Biggest hassle: no way to enter a line break in the profile (ios users can, though). Four stars because the service is greater than the app itself: a minimalistic take at a dating app that is changing the game.
Nice app
There isn't any functional help center, I cannot find any solutions and I can't contact anybody. I want to cancel a subscription and nothing works, nothing. I can't send any emails to actual humans who'll be able to help me. I just want to cancel a subscription
I was permanently banned for no reason! This app is wack.
The best app ever
Seems OK on my tablet, but on my HTC m8, it seems to crash,  after the initial introduction? Weird
I use a third party FB app and browser when I need it.  Why should this rely on the official app? It won't even get past the welcome screens.
Ich schätze 40-60 % der profile hier sind bots. Meine Finger sind wund vom "liken" seit vielleicht 5 tagen. 2 matches und die antworten nicht. Verarschung! Die APP an sich und das design sind gut - besser als andere.
It must be free premium for girls because all it is is girls thousands of miles away promoting their only fans lmao
good
so unique
You should be want to a best friend use this app.
They banned me without any reason if there is any reason then they should tell me.
Real site met real people with real Insragram photos great!
It is BS. Just got are alert from my bank that fraudulent activity on my card from the site. Sounds like a bunch of thieves and crooks.
Wasteoftime alot
Like this app
Met some really awesome girls :)
I think the concept is quite good. Only have those who match chat. Although 
a review of the profiles might be needed. Quite a number of seemingly fake 
profiles.
It super glitchy now and the whole new set up is stupid now cant see if someones been online or not. Dont like it. How do I know if someone hasn't been active for months plus they can see where I go to school and work. Not really smart to take away moments either
Love it
I don't like tinder to be honest because pssy I like never likes me. So to me it's a worthless app. Tinder must convince pssy I like to like me,that must be tinder's main and only goal, but tinder does nothing.
Good one
After using the app for 4 months and selectively swiping I still get no 
matches, however the UI is very user friendly and the privacy settings are 
good.
nah...
Had the app for months never met a soul or if I did get a match they were fake/ it never went far
Crashing when i login.
Ask permission to access my work info, won't log me in if I refuse.
Waste
i like it but i thought it was ment too be free badoo is
Great
I hate this app very much...waste of money or waste of time...
This app is Criminally built. You can't open any thing without payment. You keep on paying even when you no longer use the app.
Good
Used this app for 1 month, bought tinder gold.   There is way more guys than girls on Tinder and it is waste of time for guys, unless you are super-photogenic you will get less than 20 matches per month (Swiping 1 hour per day).  Half of the conversations with matches will result in nothing.
According to Tinder, My photos are not real HAHAHAHA fakyu! #BANNED account
good neat app
Love it well done!
Good
Good
Easy to meet new people.
Notifications only work half the time.
Unreliable. When I get a notification for a match, it doesn't show the match when I open the app.
Goodnight 😊
Was banned without reason. Had nothing on profile, not acted in any way, that violated the terms or guidelines. Asked Tinder's help desk for info, was told "No information can be given." and that there is no appeal process. After researching it turns out that whole piles of men are being banned without reason. Give us a reason and an appeal or your user base will evaporate.
V v good
Warning warning do not under any circumstances download this app. It will 
destroy your phone. This is a scam app. I repeat warning warning do not 
under any circumstances download this app. This app was created to scam you 
out of money this is not a legit app this is a scam warning warning warning.
good enough
Don't take tinder too seriously, and you'll have a good time. Tinder social is an interesting addition, still not 100% sure how I feel about it
Works like a charm.;)
Love it! Said the 52 year-old divorced guy. :)
Nice App
Works pretty well
Garbage app responsible for so much misery specific to its platform and concept. Least it could do is have no bots despite forcing you to use facebook for some reason. Trash algorithm too! Very buggy!
Good
I was Sheree was on for 1 day and all of a sudden nothing sheshe5.5 insta
Algorithm works horribly and it seems to be some kind of Ban List. The number of "Likes you" increments but no matter how many days you spend, you get no matches.
This app works well. It does what its suppose to... Connect you with people in your area.
This app is really nice
I love the app but I am having trouble with getting my messages and sending my messages
But… there's a few people around.
Not worth your time or effort. Then auto ban you use the wrong word that they don't approve off and won't allow to fix the mistake and it only take three reports to get you ban so you upset someone all they need to do is have their friends report you to and again no appeals allowed. Plus 99percent of the women there are after a sugar daddy even though they claim to not allow it. the rest are either scammers or inactive accounts
Cool
Ladki patane ke liya sabse a6aa tarika😁😁🙏🙏
Became expensive. No matches unless you pay that's to be expected of course. But it became very expensive.  Also girls have much more matches than men, another impossibility to get on date.
nice app to connect and know other people
So I uninstalled!
goos ap
People mostly lie about themselves. Recently a man got killed by his tinder 
date. The man pretended to be a millionaire on his tinder profile. It was 
on the news. Very unsafe
Awesome app with necessary stuff
I love it when Im Felling horny someone's here to meet up with me and I rlly like dat and when they cock hard it's long in my ass ouu yeah it feel good
Garbage
😍Its good 😍
Am not able to log in. Am not getting otp on my registered number
Nice app
It's really good
Awesome
it's far from free, you can't even view matches unless you pay an overpriced fee, there's plenty of free dating apps to use. This is pretty much just a pimp as an app
I paid for tinder gold, and even after that I am using basic features no superlike, no boost because these idiots are doing some testing and suffering customers.Absolutely no response from backend ,Support team and Google support as well.
I can't log back in and it's annoying.
The apps not running only logo on screen
Now you buy tinder gold and it's not enough. You have to get the platinum in order to "prioritize your likes" I've noticed with gold you get way less hits than before platinum came out. It seems you just have to keep paying more and paying more. Will not ever do gold again for this hot garbage. Other apps out there.
Biggest ego boost ever haha
I hope I can find my girl
Keeps crashing!!!
Keeps crashing
Falsely accused. Tinder doesn't investigate people's reports. Automatically banned. Other than that it's an alright site
Won't let me log in keeps saying problem try again
Full money and time ruin
...would be nice to have an undo button.
great app and hope matching
Best app
Havent used Tinder in a while and installed it on my Android today. I was completely unabke to use it due to the annoying group pop up that WILL NOT GO AWAY!
No Good
Terrible app! Would be great if you didn't randomly lose matches. I get a match, either she or I send one message, the next time I open the app. She is gone. Every time! So annoying. Luckily I catch a few of their snaps first...
I'm impressed how much this app has changed after 6 years, now that I'm single again it sure feels like a really different app from way back, matches are slowed down after the first few days and I have a feeling that since the whole global thing has been inserted it also made it worse. I'm gay and tinder is like the place to meet other men for something other than hookups in my country but it's so bad lately. I hope it does get some serious competition someday.
I can't find any people anymore, I've tried signing out and in but it just says there are no people near me..
Great
Login problem. App was working fine until today and it won't let me log in even tho I've deleted the app and reinstalled.
Waste of time . All are fake profiles. I didn't get any matching profile yet. Pls don't use this app.
Great but only get to use half
I would give it 5 star if I got some better matches.
this is not free
everyone is fake on here
This site is really good if you like to meet people without filling out your lifes history and all your preferences and making a big statement about yourself. It's easy to use and FB makes it so much easier for registrations and to add pics. Really enjoying Tinder and have spoken to what seems to be genuine potential matches. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
Tinder subscribed and no bots for two months, cancels my subscription and gets five bots in less than two days. Tinder in a nutshell. Edit: 2 more five minutes after I posted this.
the app isnt working
Great for a single person 🤗
I am not able to update my bio. Please check
Tedious asf 😛
Awesome App
Find your love in 5 min 💑
Algorithm is set up to only show you mostly unattractive users so I've never swiped right on someone I actually like. I absolutely hate this app. Awful.
Nothing but predatory and fake. They lure you in with claiming people swipe on you, so encourage you to pay for the premium. Soon as someone would, it's all bots.
Worst app.it is filled with molesters and.scammmers ..
been useing the app for 4 years now.been matched with more bots then real people. also keeps popping up wit notifcation that people have liked me, that was a month ago and no matchs
Connected with some awesome people, but now lost all of my matches. Was having good conversations and had yet to exchange numbers. Disappointed, going to delete.
Virtually useless Trans, gays, dykes, and strays all hundreds of miles away Waste of money Waste of time
if you don't mind horny people wanting a picture of your body and reporting you if you don't send it to them, this app is perfect for that. happened more than a handful of times.
Nyc
Это приложение для знакомств или для обеспечения незнакомых людей золотой жизнью?
The app had some weird glitch and when I tried to fix it I got a permanent ban with no explanation. Nothing inappropriate in my profile and I hadn't even messaged anyone yet
It's okay. But I set my maximum distance to 15 miles, yet I basically only get 20 miles+. Idk if this is a glitch or something. It just doesn't make it worth using at some points
It is not free whatsoever so why bother
Keep trying to download and re-download but can't get the app to open, I just get a pink screen of nothing
Algorithm is exploitative. Tries exceptionally hard to have users pay to make the app at all tolerable.
I lose matches instantly after matching.. I lose conversations instantly after i get the notification!?! You cant tell me ever damn time that they unmatched.. The app does NOT work properly enough for its needed entertainment. Also you should have 1 free rewind swipe a day for the free users
Once you subscribe there is no way you can cancel it. No customer  service.
Great App. I really like It!!
Well built and easy to you but be WARNED! IM Bringing reality to you guys, it's not a quick splash and dash. You will have to pay money to get anywhere near success.
Great app
App never works. Keeps saying 'there is a problem'. It's just a useless 
app, which is full of bugs & a few other things as well
Good to Great
I downloaded this and already within 1 day ive been banned for literally nothing. I suspect its because im not swiping right enough but im just very picky. Ive tried logging out but it wont let me, ive tried creating a new account and it wont let me. I had great matches and conversations going and im so sad 😞
Too much expensive
I like this app I just don't get very much response but it is probably me.
Can't figure out how to change puc
Hello ladies
Straight bullshit
Absolutely awful app ❤️
I asked for a reason why I was banned I have not been on this for how long for how many months I go ahead cuz I keep having female from Tinder sending me a f****** falsify information if I go to the feds internet fraud will definitely go out to did the tender dating site that you want to try me I want you to let me know what the hell I did wrong I haven't been on Tinder actually I erased it how long ago I'll just keep having female sending me so if I go to the feds which I am stop giving my info
Cool app
easy to use
Superb
:)
it stinks
yeet
It wouldn't let me join it said I'm not 18 and I turned 18 today
Will give a higher rating if you add a step when creating a profile where you type in the correct letters from the image. Sooooo many bots on here
I'm being ban I don't know why? And I'm not starting to use this yet and I'm being ban! ? This app is bad
I am not able to use this application in my OnePlus 3 draw over app error is comming and i am not able to gove location permission please resolve this issue
Scam, it hides all of your matches behind a paywall!
I like this app!!! I got so many girls through this app!!! :)
Neat way to meet interesting people
I've had it for a month now and it has been fun meeting new people.
App worked well for a while but then I started missing messages :( not cool	Average
Ive met a few great people. Made an amazing best friend. Just work on the bots and maybe a few more free user incentives, ive paid for a sub and theres not a huge difference, not enough to but it again. But great project so far. 🖖
I'm getting a lot of foreign men. I don't know think any of them are in my area to be honest.
Ok
tinder is useless app tinder is remove from Play Store please
GOT BANNED FOR NO REASON! Haven't been on for about a week and yet. I can't appeal or create a new account cause my phone is also banned. Been a paid member for 6 years and never had an issue until now.
Really frustrating.
Surprised since this app receives so much traffic, yet it's so glitchy and buggy. It's been this way for a while.
Teri ma ki choo9ooooooooooot
PLEASE add setting option to disable super-like by swiping up or at minimum disable all swiping. The ℹ️ which one taps to open a profile is WAY too small.
Im not getting messages nor sending, its notifying me that I've messages but when i opened it , it shows empty. Have changed internet connection but not useful
It's gr8
Ok ok
It won't let me sign in threw Facebook. It's so annoying seeing that "an error blah blah blah". Like fix it please!
i can't log in
Ghost matches and phishing
It tells me something went wrong try again later, ive removed the app reinstalled it, deleted my account made a new one... it cant seem to find anyone in my area... can you fix this please? I would like to find some dates soon
I have submitted multiple requests for support over the last week because I cannot "Sign in with Facebook" with every attempt giving me a "Login Failed" message. I have cleared the cache, data, uninstalled and reinstalled, rebooted, checked Facebook App settings, and confirmed the Facebook login info is correct and not expired. I logged in using a friend's account and was able to get past the login page to the phone verification screen. Once I got to that screen it would not send me a phone verification cod
This app it totally cool and all, but for some reason my account was banned because I tried to change my phone number? I have no idea what "terms of use" I violated, but apparently changing your phone number is against the rules? What's the deal on that one ?
Worst app
Total scam, charged me $24 and you can't see who likes you or send text. Asking me to upgrade. It's totally scam
Only way to log in is thru facebook. Uses ft pics, age, status......I don't like that.
Great app
Fraud don't install I have deleted my account there were still debiting amount from my card even thou my membership was cancelled and I still haven't got any refund despite filing a complaint
Good
Hii, I'm banned on tinder from last couple of years, & don't know the reason for the same. I've dropped an email as well which didn't resolve the problem. Can you please help
Great app!
okk
It keeps on searching but nothing comes out in result box. I have a good 4g connection and Android 5.1.1 os. Please help
having issues, app keeps wiping my gender as well as my bio every time I leave the app, developers please look at this !!!!
please fix this app. its keep crashing
Very good 👍
Coooollll!!!
To many fake profiles and too much prostitution
Download of this app is waste of time
Later if you down me.
The newer updateds limiting likes hate it please fix
It allows you to look at possible matches and talk for free. Spam filter must be broken because it allows pornographic chat sites to convenience people come join their site posed as a honest interested matches. No one wants to pay $40-110 dollars to talk dirty or have video sex with someone. So, i hope Tinder reads this.
eohh
I still kinda like the app after all these years. Questionable how many ppl are seeing my profile without the subscription but, hey still meeting new people.
It's a nice app
It's free and fun
great app
Very nicely
I've never seen a more garbage app Most profiles are fake and reporting them. Is of no use
So many bugs. Example: I either don't get a notification at all, or it shows incorrect person
Easy as typing a bio then tapping pics
Swiping on the same individuals for more than a week making it 10 or more times swiping on the same person&no matches even after that is really abnormal.I know its not my internet coz I wouldn't even be able to log in to my account.At this stage,2stars is how I rate this app....26/10/19 New edit,Now it logs me out&when I try to login,its a whole new process,starting afresh.Freezes&logs me out.This is such a disappointment.Just throw the whole app away will u.And 2020,has gotten worse.lol useless
Don't waste your time on it if you are an average looking guy or ugly
Good
Needs some basic filters so users aren't wasting time on profiles that never should have been shown to them.
Crashes every time I try to read someone's bio
I want refund for the money that accidentally i spent and i was promised by their "customer service"
Support doesnt even respond. Bad service. I have paid to buy gold , code didnt work.
Hasn't worked at all since I installed it 3 days ago, keeps showing 
"something went wrong, try again later", have the requirements for it & 
still won't do anything, kinda annoying to be honest
No good of a dating app.
Sweet!
This app started OK but I've suddenly started to recieve adverts now almost every time I open the app I've not opted for any adverts and don't want adverts. Aswell there are so many fake profiles on here and repeated people ive swiped left and people trying to catfish me. Please do something and will give better reviews
Impossible to upload picture
Its okay
I can find good and genuine person here
😘😘😘😘
Nice
My tinder is not working...no msgs come...no matches comes...may be some 
technical issues... They suddenly stop working... Pls fix my prblm
Not here for a hookup
Cant even launch the app, kept asking locations access when it was grant max always on.
Fraud app
Keep asking for payments. Also wrong locations.
Good
Used my card to make unauthorized billing to my bank account. I dont know how they got my card #. Google warned me of a 3rd Party making these charges.
I like it
it's an amazing app but getting a partner here it's not something easy as people like un matching alot with no reasons I think some of them are in a wrong place be back to u when I find my soulmate.
Can have new friends but Tinder should have introduced region wise payment methods
Im on a samsung s3 and i find 1 person each week since the last patch.
I don't get any notifications anymore and my option menu has them selected.
cancel don't think this is the app for me
GET RID OF THE BOTS!
It's a Lil sketchy but I really met someone on here she gave me her number right away after acouple messages... turned out to be a real girl as in the pictures and she's from my hometown 😍 we met after awhile in person
If you feel uneasy about meeting someone and choose to ignore them, beware. Tinder will ban you for life and not appeal any decisions solely on the other person getting pissed at you. Won't even give the reason why for the decision.
I just moved to Colorado and wanted to meet some people, but it will only search in my hometown because I have to pay to change my zip? Lol
If I could give it a negative rating I would. I spent time creating an honest profile that had absolutely nothing offensive or inappropriate in it. After my 3rd time going into the app after I downloaded it I was met with a notice saying I was banned from the app. To make things even worse they didn't clarify why I was. So yea, don't even waste your time with this app that is supposed to be sooo great.
Good app
Good
Does not allow me to upload photos
Hopefully I find my forever lol
Please do some Testing around the following scenario 1. Tinder user logged in 2. User deactivates Facebook account 3. User then reactivates Facebook account  Bug = Log into tinder again and tinder crashes (seems intermittent) and Unable to log into tinder Bug = Tinder logs in but stays on the loading screen.
It's good but you have to be patience
Keeps showing me the same people over and over? Even when I had a paid account? Now wants phone verification and I can't change numbers without deleting my account? Bye bye Tinder.
Many girls on there are webcam girls.
Great
Pathetic app....tinder gold is just a waste of money.
I suck dick
I love it though I haven't found my soulmate please help me
Its good
Worried about privacy issues, especially since the app is GPS based. I don't like strangers having a lock on my specific location.
Got banned for no reason.... 👎🏿
Doesn't work universally with all smart phone, has a few minor glitches with uploading photos on my LG F6, needs a undo or a back button when searching. Sometimes you click no before getting to see a match...back button would help.  but aside from that the app is pretty awesome
App requires linking to Facebook. No option to create an account without first signing into Facebook.
Conversations disappear
Nice one
One of the better apps
Totally full of spam and scams. Tons of fake profiles
this app is transphobic and so are the people who use it
Currently not working with update today
Used to be a good app. Now it's so overrun by girls doing Premium Snapchat that it's essentially useless as a dating platform.
Definitely rigged. Not like it used to be..
Very nice
My beautiful Anita was a match on tinder and is making me re download for 
no purpose
Is it my phone or this app is very bad. I have heard people saying this is an amazing app to meet people, joined today and I can't upload pictures. Mmmmm
This is by far the sh!ttiest dating app i have ever used. You have to pay for everyting extra and the worst thing is that noone even bothers on here. So whats the point of this app. Havent matched with anyone yet and i had this app for a while. Rip off Unistalling straight away
Trying to get a response from Tinder because I've found I'm not the only one having the same issue recently. I woke up to 20+ notifications of new matches and messages to open the app and nothing new. I receive a new message click the notification and nothing.It wouldn't be a big deal if I wasn't a good member.
Buggy and zero customer support. I have been losing one of five tinder plus super likes for over a week now. That is at least 7 super likes, tinder please refund/return.
Can't log in again!!!!!!!!!
Good
I thought this was a great until it was having loading problems so I logged out. When I logged back in all of my previous messages and connections were gone. I have written to Tinder twice for help with no response.	Great app for potential dating. Simple and easy format. Love it!
I love this application
Nice
My account is currently under review with zero reason given?
love ir
People are not going to meet in real life. There are a lot of people who want only sex. There are quite several fake photos.
Love this
I have met a few people but I have met more people that are trying to extort money from me by various means.
It is good and all but sadly no one matched with me cuz i'm too ugly :'(
Not a bad idea
The app shouldn't downsize the picture qualities so much. They literally all look like potato quality pics, instead of the HD pics I uploaded, so fix that please
. Fix the log in issue.  Im begging..
banned? ur company is crazyy, i just wanna have fun
awesome app
Wish there was more of a active member base but that's not tinders fault
Hop its cool
I cannot logged in anymore. I didn't received any of the codes.
Good
Paid for plus and it still showed advertisements for me. Feeling Very scammed
No longer able to log in...
Worst app
Pretty good
Good.
Guud awesome 👌🏿👏
No you dont need my friends list, Relationship status, education and employment history!  Perhaps you should allow the user to give more details and themselves.  This app wants too much information.   Terrible update!
I've been using this app for years. It has gone DOWNHILL these past few weeks. I can't upload photos, I have over 2,000 likes, but when I go to swipe right on people the match doesn't show up. I paid for gold and it's just not working. I'm very frustrated because a lot of people I thought I'd like to get to know, never showed up. I'm very annoyed.
Always blocking account without notice
It's good
Ehm
This is such a great app to meet new people with!
Horrible app.
This app sucks a fat one
Newest update makes it where you have to shut off your wifi in order to use the damn app or you'll get "opps something went wrong" really stupid for an app. All was fine before now it's absolutely stupid
its fraud, all fraud accounts and some chatbots replying with no response
It would be a great app if there weren't so many spam accounts. I constantly see people who say they are in other states far far away from where I am. Lots and lots of spam accounts on here.
No problem logging in when on a wi-fi connection, but can't login when on mobile data.
Go much tail
Excellent 👌
Great
It's a dating app 10/10 would use again
never get matches and when do they never respond. fakess
Cool
great app
Tinder used to work great for me! But now it thinks I am in texas despite setting my location to kansas city! I am not sure how long I will stick with this app as the developers seem to ignore all the technical issues people are having!
This app is FRAUD. THIS APP IS LOOTING MY MONEY INSPITE OF DISABLING MY SUBSCRIPTION. I HAVE SENT EMAILS REGARDING THIS PROBLEM BUT TO NO AVAIL.
Hey i would give this a 5 star but the thing is, if I'm matching with someone then most of the time i cannot send them any messages. It says "Message could not be delivered"
Fix the log in bug! Edit. Better now
They require too much access to Facebook data, friends lists and off, photos, etc.  No need to have friends information.  Read what info you provide them when you access.
Banned me for no reason
Need loyal and honest
Tinder now having fake profiles to like you? if you haven't noticed clearly if I get a match with 5000km it isn't someone real, get rid of this not only is it tricking me thinking I have a new like it's annoying. I came here to meet people not bots to try to get you on their webcams
Can't sign in 1/2 the time
The algorithms have changed so that in encourages you more and more to pay. You can see how many people have swiped to you, but wont show you their card for you to swipe h til you pay up. Used to be awesome. Now very poor.
Nice app
They try to force positive review
Good app
🔥
Maybe I'll get 3 pics then it just searchs constantly. Please fix!
well
It's okay
Gotta weave through the fakers and sex addicts but better then most
Cock
Shittest
Poor
This is good app I using this app 6 month
Good one
Doesnt work unless you pay.
Fun
Big fuqs homeboi
after installing the app 3 times the app is not working after giving my number
Unfair, the matching system favour only who pay the subscription
Very Nice
It's a dating app, it has features. I seldom match with anyone with the features and honest thought put into my profile (except for a few scammers). Maybe I'm not what anyone is really looking for on the platform, I wouldn't recommend it in any case
The app used to be good but had turned into 99% bots. A kindergartner could stop bots better than tinder. I also can't send messages because I had a layover in Japan and didn't verify my age during the two hours I was there. I'm no longer in Japan. Such a flaky app.
awesome!
No messages came through from the other person. I got the notification but it was blank, even in good wifi and/or signal.
They banned my account without any proper reason when reached out to support team they didn't resolve my issue. When requested on what grounds they have banned they give me only one reply that I have violated they community guidelines which I have not to best of my knowledge. Still requesting Tinder team to review my ban & hear me out. Tried to reach Tinder in all possible ways, got no response from their team.
someone using my details and you refuse to help! vile service
Oops something went wrong. Can't create an account. Fix please.
i cant upload pictutes anymore on my profile
Waaaaaaay better than "POF" you have a better chance than finding love on here then "POF"
It's good if you only want hook ups.
This app makes me feel good when females judge me to be desirable based on a completely false online identity that i created.
Good service!
scam
Too many halal.
Nice
Love
Nice
This not good application plz don't download it buz its tootly fake people in here
Got no response useless app for me fake profiles
Tinder is the best thing since sliced bread... T H A N K Y O U T I N D E R!!
Good
terrible every time I try to make a account I put in my phone number and it doesn't even let me put in the code it sends me it just goes to a page that says that I'm banned and it doesn't make sense because I just got the app and when I put in my email it never sends me a email with the code on it
It's no nice and enjoy to use but apparently,it has a problem to log in again when you are going back to use it again. Pls try to fixed it,thanks
Again like some other apps, it is showing me people from thousands of miles away even though my filter is set not to do that. Lots of fake profiles. Bilks you out of more money to be seen, bilks you out of more money to get to super like someone to talk to them (no super like, no chat). This is with the full high-end subscription already paid
Great!
It works great for the first few days then it doesn't unless you pay and even so it's not a great experience. There's a algorithm that screws over Men's experience and even the paid services are double the price Women pay. Talk about sexism
Great!! Now, the only problem I have is I can't see your reply to my problem. But you fixed it and now it works great!
Poda punda
Worst app
Nuff' said
Good but too many bugs. Including the oops something went wrong on login 
and when looking for matches
Full of spam and wen matched can't find ur match plus keeps logging in an out . Come on fix this tinder
It's good
It's an okay app.  Mostly on here for killing time.
Waste of time. They require a phone number verification that you can't remove, so if your number changes, you lose your account. Not worth it at all.
деньги просят вечно
good
This app sucks compared to others. It's mostly used for chick's who are advertising their onlyfans.
Great
great
It to be very Frank that tinder is telling there is free dating app but actually when match is there they tell us there is match for you and then profile is blur and we click on that they ask for membership they only tell us there is free but inside there is nothing free limited dely like , and there is only one super like in a hole day just a worst app . . And frankly speaking sorry for this but the (happen) app actually this is a dating app alos that provides free just go and learn from them
Unable to use the app for the last week - suggestions don't load, messages don't load, the app starts, but only to blank tabs
piso ignora kelios cioles bet sjp px
doesnt want to upgrade
Good socializing app
nice
New friends, new relation and new experience
ANLALANDI DITO. TANGINA
not bad
Constantly crashing. "unfortunately, tinder has stopped working."
To many fat ugly girls. Should be able to put youre ideal weight and have to rate youreself out of 10 so you get shown to people in youre league or something. Im a fit good looking guy and should not have to filter through a plethora of girls i wouldnt evel open a door for let alone go on a date with. HORSES FOR CORSES THATS ALL IM SAYING
Nice application for new meet poeples
Feels like a scam..just wants to get you paying for premium
good apl
i literally contacted support to get a refund for accidently buying something and they still havent gotten back to me and refunded my money yet. this company is slimey
Good
I've been banned with no explanation after not using the app for years. I decided to download it again and immediately got a message saying I was banned for life. I have no idea what happened, but I guess I'll have to find something else? I'm pretty lost, and the support people were of no help.....
I don't why but I still cannot open the app. When I try to open it then the app just gone white and suddenly close
Problem loggin!!! What the hell!!!
Lol bye
Seems like tinder itself is getting desperate, haven't used it in a few months and it will give me 'you have new messages' notification every couple days. Go to check, no messages. It's just crying out for attention. Kind of pathetic and scamy imo.
Constant issues with the app freezing. Currently can't load any people nearby or my message. Not impressed.
The app is good it still has more genuine profiles than any other. Indbeted of tinder to send a beautiful person my way.
Not enough swipes. let's be serious come on now
For fixing my issue.
Useful
Unable to check messages. App is broken.
Once someone arbitrarily reports you. The app doesn't check anything and bans you for life. Trash
Tinder has a double standard for dress and appropriate behavior between sexes. Was lifetime banned for posing in similar skimpy outfits and with suggestive emoji based profile language mirroring what women are allowed to post. If it's okay for women to post thong pics than it should also be okay for men.
Good
Okay so far!
Effective in populated areas!
So far so good! It is what you make it
it crushes all the f***** time!
I have problem with my payment method
Very 👍
Instead of giving golden card before.. They can give atleast 5-6 friends as demo.. So we can know the useful.
Let you know when I get laid ;-)
This app was not useful for me
Won't let me log in.  Will change back to 5* once you fix
Constantly losing matches and messages. They keep updating it but nothing ever changes. Newest problem is I'll match with multiple people and then they don't show up in my list of matches. I've lost about 40 this way in the past few days and it only ever seems to get worse. Fix your app before adding social features like groups. It's ridiculous.
I ve downloaded this up 10 times already. I keep uninstalling it because i always cannot log in.  Its so annoying!
The biggest joke out there since the all part of one big Network scammers fakes fake profiles prostitutes promoting their stuff . The GPS is totally wrong no one wants to fix it. Then I just noticed that people have five to six profiles? they must be scammers it's unbelievable, unless you match with someone you'll end up paying this site and I suggest nobody to drop there hard earned money in this damn app
Love it
good
Good
everytime i want to log in it says oops!something went wrong???
Let's see if Tinder Social can do it any favors !!!😞
lol
A little complicated
great
Filled with a lot of fake/advertisement profiles. Keep seeing the same one's even after reporting them.. I do not see the point in paying for such a service. The app also says you have a like but there is no like. The messaging is broken. Can't send a message with out bugs in the UI. There are other alternatives that are better.
You have to pay money if you want to see any matches or participate in any way.
If you use the app purely for a means of getting laid then good luck! This app is brilliant and allows you to chat with people who you already know want to speak to you!
Was great till today when I went to go back on it my profile deleted all my match's and conversations. I never logged out or even closed the app so im puzzled to the fact it would do this.
Awsome
🤑
This app sucks!! Freezes as soon as it opens and no support from app creators. Very disappointing! VERY
I guess there was an update and now after the update I cant even log on..
Randomly logs out and wipes every match while doing so
Saying im logged in when im not
It won't show what Interests and mutual friends we share.
Nah
Very bad app. Never use this. Almost all accounts are fake. If you give a bad review against this app your mail id will get blocked by tinder. But real fact is, the TINDER APP is waste of time.
I don't understand really its dating sites or gambling sites every day just asking you to pay for something. Its only fraud and fraud There is legally fraudulent the people and there is no one ask them way .
The app continues to ask me to verify my email. It has done it EVERY time I open the add. FIX IT.
This app has gotten progressively worse over the years, I was actively using the app and closed it to write this review. Every so often you get a chance to guess one of your 'Secret Admirers' Well I guessed correctly and it was someone I matched with MONTHS ago who was already in my match list. I do not recommend using this app. Use literally anything else.
Sab se mardarchod hai ye aap
Me encanta, hablar con gente que nunca me responde, estaba al borde del suicidio, pero ahora soy feliz como una lombriz
Rubbish. People don't talk and messages don't send.
Nice
It's awfully useless
Is very good
Had a threesome with twins never busted so much in my life it was biblical
I am still testing it to get further conclusions. I don't surf too much on this app. It is like this, you slide pic to the left if the person ins't your style/type, then you slide the prospective person to the right if you think she/he is your style. on this way it works 100%. But you can not message the person, if you whether the liked or not the person. I guess after you liked the person, the person can see the activity that you liked her/him. I got blocked for some reason
Good
It makes the world a bit smaller if your single
Very nice
Dope
good
Spam wear
Easy to use
Cant wait for another app with no bugs to surface and replace this... seems sending gif messages is more important for Devs than repairing the app!!!
Great
Won't even load in. Just constantly loads
This app is buggy and a scam. Don't pay. I ordered boosts but the app changed to the new primetime boost. The primetime boost do not activate during prime time (and you can't activate them). They activate during the night when everyone is sleeping. There is alot of fake profiles and prostitution profiles.
Very excellent
best
I never get matches on this app sometimes i got but they were fake people. I dont know what is wrong with this app that some people get daily a match and some of them never get even a single match.
I'm not giving any star to this app it's fraud i already cancelled my subscription from tinder app from play store and delete my account but still I'm getting massages like this ➡ Trxn on Kotak credit card xx×× for Rs 520 at GOOGLE *Tinder not approved due to insufficient limit. it's very irritating and I'm getting frustrated 😤 please take some action on this matter it very serious for me.
Can't give zero so 1 it is...... I was banned from this app for no reason didn't give a context or anything I did not message anybody anyting nasty or bad still refused to tell me why I was banned all they said was I breached their terms and conditions. I only said hello to people and we're not messaging back. Now my phone number is still being used for another account when I don't have one I'd like to know why but still I get no answers what a great way to feel worse don't use this
Scrolled left...
I enjoy tinder. However i've never had any luck meeting anyone
If "my move" is on from both side, what will happen???
Good
Greedy app, desined to squeeze money out of you to get much from it
Based on attraction, which i think is the first of the building blocks for a relationship.
Gud
Very good girls I like to chat on them
I've used tinder as a way to find foodie friends while visiting other countries whose languages I do not speak. Works amazingly well.
Not everyone uses Facebook. Its sad that it has become so mind numbingly invasive to everyday life that most apps and I net services require a FB account. To bad tinder, it is a shame you have degraded your self like this.  Hopefully you will die like Facebook....
Requires authentication via Facebook. I don't use Facebook. Therefore I don't use tinder.
It's good and good app
Prrtty good lil app
I can't sign up.
Would do again....
Can y'all fix my account??
worst aap ever not even installing
Logging in error, I already try to reinstalling this app still the same error I cant log in
Easy to use, simple, great app!
Great
For the most part a good app. I wish there was a little more flexibility in distance, and I wish you could pick a preferential body type
!!!!!
Love it!
Pure pay app not good
It's more addicting than I thought.
Doesn't work in India. Outside of india this is THE app to find friends.
Pretty Good So Far
People should not be allowed to change there location. I keep matching with people who live four thousand miles away smh 🤦‍♂️👨‍🦯🧑‍🦽
About 1 out of 100 women I match with turn out to be actual women and the other 99 are spammers trying to get me to sign up on their webpage or send them money because they are stranded in Africa and really want to meet me.
Superb
Legit overall tinder works really hard to keep the B's aside and far. Must pay for gold$
Takes time but it works!
Though it's a great idea that's well executed.. But it's grown into a revolution now. If u r using it, just be sure your children are also going to  use it nd u are okey with it bcz its here love stories would be born
Utter waste of time!
Good to meet new people around
I met girl on Tinder, a year later i married that girl, and today I'm writing this and my beautiful wife is in our kitchen we've been married about a year and a half. I'm very happy i downloaded Tinder.
Great meet alot of girls
Doesn't work for me. I've uninstalled/ installed and adjusted settings on my phone.-  android user
Matches r automatically unmatched 😡
Really need a blocking options besides the un-matching option. I saw friends of my exes that i don't want seeing me on social media. It would be great if they could add a guide for people to use for their info bc a lot of people don't know what to say. Also needs more specific compatability search parameters.
I got banned for no reason and now I can't even make a new account. This is stupid. Tinder, fix yourself
I have had it for a few hours now and i already had an account everything's gone and its not find I people ¡!
Semma
Excellent
Can't request my pnumber..ffff
Can't log in
One of the best dating app ever, I've actually met some cool friends here 😁
Love this app!! It is so nice for meeting new people.
Ok
I want a man to approach me first. Don't want to wait until I swipe him back
it okay
Hey can't say I've had much luck but it is slightly entertaining.
best
I subscribed and my account was magically banned. Had tinder for years no problem. As soon as I payed I was banned next day. Now I have no way to unsubscribe. I will be putting a hold on my card.
I got my account back and my full subscription back as well thanks to tinder and thier cooperation i look forwar to using your app more
It's useless app I'm using this app from past one month I have not found 
any match.its just waist of time.im uninstalling this app and I suggest u 
people also.
Tinder this is total nonsense, I registered just yesterday, subscribed to your premium package and got banned few hours later for no reason and you are saying I can cancel my subscription anytime, will my money be refunded?? If not THIS IS FRAUD... Tinder should be banned as well!!!
Can't get pass the phone verification part like what?
Beautiful
Its work Thanks tinder
So much login problem.
Doesn't even log me in
Because I found someone on this app who is pretty much everything I was looking for.
Tinder banned me without giving any explanation. They banned me simply because I am transgender.
easy to use
Suksesss terus untuk tinder
guys i suggest u dont install its very boring n no one will reply
Good app
wow i love tinder it's keeps me happy n busy n thanks again
My msgs is not sending to my match
Notifications are a bit slow
Nice app
Still waiting for an update that says "improved matching system with higher chance of a match without buying gold". /s
Nothing but spam bots. Useless
Loses matches and definitely lies to try and get you to upgrade to their gold pack. I've swiped through my area. (small population) but yet it says I have 10 matches that tinder gold will show me. I call bs 🖕 Ps. 40$ for gold now holy Christ 🖕
Used to work fine but now will not let me pass the login screen. Every time I click to login via Facebook, it loads and loads and loads until finally it crashes.  What's wrong with this app????
It's ight
its ok
falto
good but not yet best, almost there
Yuck, daddppy
Its really great
Tinder has so many glitches
Nope
Nice lil app! Good work
something is wrong. i cant open the app, even i cant kill it.
White screen
good
The only thing this app is tindering is the back of my phone. Neever ending loading screens so I can never see my matches, runs a lot of battery, not to mention lack luster gui system. Just like every dating app ever.
It needs a Facebook log on, so I never got to try it out. More log on options needed.
Log in issues
great app
good
If I'm bored waiting in a queue, in a car for a mate to get out the house or just having a cigarette.... love getting Tinder up and seeing if I get any matches, met a few good friends along the way, thanks for the app guys
Waste of time. They have bots all situated 8000km away respond with inane replies to keep the hooks in for subscribe. Why collect location info when respondents are never local. There is deliberately no option to limit search by distance either. This is a racket.
👍
Just. ...enjoy. ...mode onn
My account has been ban lol
It's fun. Ppl are generally nice!
it's alright ... taking a while to accept payment 🤦
It's clearly a great way to find people; however, it's still up to the other people to contact you back. The messaging freaks out every time the minutes change. Weird
Major logistics problems. This app has no sense of geography. Tinder please note i specified 160kms from my location and you show me americans. Please note america is not near where i live. Tinder thinks america is the only place in the world. You need lessons as clearly you failed geography as there are other countries besides your country. PLEASE STOP BEEPING MY PHONE WITH TRIVIAL RUBBISH THAT IS NOT EVEN YOUR SITE. IT IS F!CING IRRITATING. THERE ARE NO MEN IN MY AREA. YOU WASTE MY TIME!
This app is dead. It has issues states earlier, but also this thing won't verify my number, it goes to the place, requirws me to verify my phone number, but the only thing you can click on is the phone number field, pressing enter on your number pad doestn do anything, so you just sit there, never able to verify your number. There is no way this app is getting good reviews by this many people, they must have a shillbot doing positive reviews.
Would quick  as soon as I log in
Great
Love this dating app so much
It was great. Then you had limited swipes. You want to make money, I get it, but now there are no moments and it's slower than it was before.  How?
This app is amazing!  Let's you find people looking for the same kind of relationship as you, introduces you to hundreds of eligible people near you, and allows you to screen people before you meet them.  This app has changed dating for my generation.
Worst app crashes alot I'm not getting likes sometimes and other times I'm getting many likes strange !!
i try to change my phone number and my acount has been banned i dont know why and how to fix it☹️
It's good
Not interested
Absolute Dumpster Fire!
It won't let me add pictures or change my profile picture,
Have many friend
Its ok
Useless and a waste of time.
This app is wonderful
Lots of scammers
🙄🙄i like it🙄🙄
Worst app. They shadow ban you, which means that nobody can see your profile no matter how much you swipe every day while at the same time trying to make you keep paying so that they can make profit. Highly unethical. Hope enough people realize and stop using this app.
A lot of accounts are fake
Didn't work for me. Mostly just made me feel bad about myself. You have to pay to get anywhere on this app I guess.
Refused to let me log in using FB  with out the FB app. uninstalled and never using
Ok for now
Scam. Strictly no refunds speaks for its self. You'll get use to "somthing went wrong please try again never..."
There needs to be a way to search locals better
I just installed this app like yesterday and heard some many friends with likes, then boom just today I say let me check out my messages unfortunately you guys log me out why? Can't access my account again so so sad Nawa ooo
Yea dont listen to the one stars I've met ALOT of women since ive had tinder since 2017 lol. one meet i had was like last month at a certain point you have to understand you might not be attractive or too old to be on tinder lol its simple yes there are some fake profiles but a little common sense goes a far way honestly tinder is good these guys are bitter. Just download it lol
not the apps...the people.. lil
Nice app... Worked for me a lot...
SUPER NO FOR THIS APP
Good service
The application has disconnected itself and since then I can no longer acess, I confirm my number, whith the correct code, and it gives error lates, several consecutive time, I can not acess my account anymore
Nice app
I met my bf on here n we been dating for 8 months now
I dont understand why my age was declined, suddenly the app forced me to logged out from my account and it said "age restricted" but i'm more than 18+. What a waste.
Ah yes the tinder experience someone likes you me 'who is it' tinder 'yeeeeaaaa' I'm gonna need payment for that information
Good
I can't even delete my account it keeps saying failed!?
Bad app
Nice
Easy to use
Ill be trying to find me a nice honey to put my sausage all up in and these hoes be wanting to get wifed up like what this is tinder but besides that great app
I hate this I cant get a single like
Worst app ever, Doesn't even let you dabble a bit before requiring money from your credit card.
The amount of fake profiles is ridiculous. They are easy to spot, but seeing 40-50 of them every time I open the app shouldn't happen. Work on your profile verification process (or lack thereof) and make it a usable dating app.
stuck at flame loading
App hasn't been working and Won't let me delete!
Khá tốt, khôg dùg cũg có ngy
I would give no stars if I could. They have almost doubled in price and without paying for premium u will never know who has liked you. Each time u swipe u lucky if they let u match with 1 person who liked u. This app is starting to look like a scam to get money out of their subscrubers
10/10 in confirmed
Good experience
Best game ever
Lit
"There was an error updating your profile. Please try again." over and over 
again just by going into edit info. Tried everything from reinstalling, 
logging out, removing app data on Facebook, clearing cache yet nothing 
works.
Fun way to chat with people...  :-)   everytime there's an upgrade it wipes my information off and trouble logging in what a pain...needs to be fixed so I keep my information and I can log in. ...lose 2 stars for that
Won't even let me log in with Facebook. I want to make an account. Neither are working.
Denies me login constantly
Fun
great app, been using it on and off for years and i finally got one match and we have so far talked about what kind of pizza we like. So... definitely a great app!
What an unpleasant experience !Avoid it!
it just keeps logging me out and deleting my profile making me sign up and make my Profile every time i open the app
😴😴😴😴😴😴😴😴
Excellent
Overly monetized
Its very good platform to meet new people, but always choose with ur wisdom. World is full of bad and wonderful people.
Great app
Lol aps
In between the bots, the false push notifications & or messages that tinder says you have but then there's nothing there.. this app is pretty fecal matter.
App sucks. It can't verify my number. so how can I start now? Waste of time
What the hell is this app??? 100% fraud and cheating. Please return my payment which taken without my permission. I have complaints with the bank Bloody hell.🖕
All fake
Constantly crashing
Cool
Congratulations on this companies success
It's coo
Matches and new messages disappear when using multiple devices on 1 account.
I've shagged 1500 birds since I installed this 2 week ago
It's laggy, pictures don't load and it crashes quite a bit
Good functions; but drains battery super quick. I know I'm using it a lot (my fault if ppl wanna chat?) but it should be more battery efficient for what it is. Consider stop checking location so often - and display reported location (with a refresh option?) as my location was showing wrong city for a morning due to ISP routing (nice people there, but too far away). Not convinced all chat messages are sent/received.
Best app
I like Tinder, hence the four stars, I just have one problem with it. I don't think the fact you run out of likes or super likes unless you pay money to upgrade. That just doesn't seem fair.
Good apps
very nice app
Always short of like
It's a scam
My account cancelled for no reason at all very unhappy
Moments aren't sending.
Not getting people to talk
Nice
not great
Used to use tinder alot, but after coming back to it after a relationship, I got banned a few weeks later for no reason! And from being a paying customer, the customer service is probably the worst I've ever seen, the email response you receive is by bots. You would get a better response by a chimp using an old Nokia.
Good
Great
worst
Can't use at all won't allow to created new account. Because it ban my account because it was hooked up to another phone at the time.
Bad
money money money
Nice app
Nice
just love this app
just started havent really done anything yet so cant really rate it 5, looks good so far but tinder you preed asking to be rated
Lekker man lekker
Keeps closing and not working.
Lots of phony profiles.
Lot of fake profiles. Dislike & uninstall
Love fun friends
All of the sudden I'm not getting any messages. I get notifications and emails that I have unread messages and go to the app and they aren't there. I have verified by having people send me messages that they aren't going through.
The place to go to meet people!
I think Tinder is a fresh, new, innovative way of meeting new people, 
connecting and dating
Updated app and now it doesn't work. Gets stuck on the logo screen. Waiting several minutes and nothing happens. Uninstalled and reinstalled several times and I Restated phone my phone.
My cell network is just fine a prompt keeps popping up to constantly use WiFi and Wi-Fi is not available everywhere. VERY ANNOYING. PLEASE FIX.
App is broken. Can't login
don't msg a garl
Paid not free at all
❤️
Love it
I found lots of love
What the hell??  After updating it,  it became more worst!  I thought updating it will make me use it again since I wasn't able to log in always prompting error.  Terribly sucks.  I used to love this but now, its more of a trash app!  Boo!  👎👎👎
I know looks don't mean everything, but I can't see mine anyone else's pics at all
Love it
I love Tinder and I've used it for a long time, always worked pretty well for me but now I've got banned out of nowhere and I really really do not get why... it's so sad like at least give me a good reason
Good place to find someone and very easy to use to interact.
I refuse to pay for moee 'likes'
Enables a lot of sexual assault followed by ghosting through allowing predators to hide in anonymity - many perpetrators unmatch immediately after assault, before the victim has been able to process what's occured. Tinder has a responsibility to do more in this regard and could be doing a lot more to create a safer online space. They hold a really powerful position, with so many men staring at these screens, it could be channeled in a really valuable and culture shifting way.
Great fun app
Not bad when it works, which isn't actually that often. Spam and bots from random locations occur frequently, and the messaging tends to not load at all. It's a scam
Not giving  what was expected
I was banned for no reason all I did was like a few profiles and set up my profile like seriously if you're gonna ban someone at LEAST tell them EXACTLY WHY! And you literally can't do anything without paying 😒
well done and fun to use but waaay too expensive for the paid options
Totally have enjoyed it so far
Joke of an app
Got banned for no reason (as i have known)
I log out for 1 minute and when i was trying to log in again my account got banned for no reason? I tried to make new account with new email and new number but it says banned account? The app is terrible please fix that
Not happy with the app because I see I have 14 likes but I have to pay just to view those who liked me. Tried to delete account and it ask for feed back then doesn't let you go any further. Deleting an account should be easy!!!!!
Awesome
I like this app
I've met some really cool people off of Tinder, but I wish I could sort messages by unread or by distance, it would help me connect with people better. I've swiped all around the world and I don't want to have to scroll through 300+ matches to find someone in my city or an unread message. Honestly it makes me want to stop using it
WOW. Just wow. It could not be a worse experience. Nothing works. Not even the ability to delete my account. I've tried twice. Also "Help and Support" isn't working either. It's laughable.
Pee pee poopoo butt
Cool
It's so amazing dating app
Awesome
Simple to use, but would it be possible to have the android wear part as a separate add on, or selectable feature. I have a G Watch, but don't want to use this on my watch, and it may be draining my watch battery.
Awesome
Good
Too many accidental super likes. :(
Does exactly what it promises, I've had zero issues after using it for a couple weeks
nice
I am a need and poor
"Something went wrong. Please try again later." If u have this issue. Then I have a solution. It worked for me. Just go to settings n change age criteria and distance n then close the app n then open n try. It worked for me. Hope it works for u guys too.
Its solid no complaints
Okay
Its ok
Simple app... easy to use... very enjoyable.
Good
It will not let me get a code sent to my phone to start my account. I have uninstalled and reinstalled several times. I got a new number recently and need to get a new account
Got banned and I was not told wat rule I broke
Waste of time
I should not have to link this to my facebook page just to become a member on tinder
Money waste use Tinder plus no more extra for cost
It lags so much with writing messages, though my phone has 4Gb RAM, it never does that.
Only met one girl through tinder, but I did get it in with her👌
Very wow
Great app
very nice app 😍
Didn't find any match it's jus waste of time
Crashes every time I try to open someone's profile. Basically unusable in this regard.
Honestly. I am not sure most people I like in app even use this app, are likely bots or fake profiles as they do not talk after matching. Uploading photos is horrendous in this app and there are not many written areas to flesh out someone's personality. Overall, pretty bad for the average guy.
superb
More and more bugs keep showing up. Since yesterday, I can't even see my likes. It just throws up a white screen now.
Its been really good
Love it
its fine
Its awesome
this is the biggest waste of money. I can't believe we as a society moved to the idea of paying an online website to interact with girls and schedule dates when you use to just go out in town and meet people
Have to verify to use. Verification doesn't work. What a garbage app.
Garbage. I get notifications that someone's interested, hit the notification to open the app and it crashes. And why does it have to work solely through Facebook? Make a real app and I'll think about using this again.
It's good
Please help, I am unable to change anthem from previous update on an old phone, and now on new phone there is no option in Edit for me to do so on this lastest update, help would be appreciated
Great just waiting for miss right to like me back and talk to me
app is awful the whole thing freezes when trying to lower the distance from 50 mile i dont want people from miles away
Good
Banned from this platform for zero reason. Paid for the yearly subscription. they can and will ban you & they will not refund anything.
good ideA for people to  meet
Stop limited swipes
exciting
Tinder is dead do not pay for this service. I did to test it and it is a huge waste of money.
Good
Every update makes the spam accounts worse. Not cool tinder.
you can forget about getting technical support, just dumb robotic generated feedback.
Too many bots an scammers
Nice
Money grabbing load of bull
Sometime got problems with applications I have more people for matching but when I text to them rarely have someone replied
great app
Love this app. Helped me to much 💕💙❤💖💗💚💛🧡
They are biased. With same profile, first time on Platinum it was getting a lot of matches, after some days Zero, at the ending time it starts working again. Now when purchased again, it is Zero, no effect at all. And I'm sure that at the time of ending, it will automatically start matching again. I've keep the same profile and analyzing it how cheap algorithm they are using.
Very handy app for meeting and connecting with people from around the country very very handy 👌
Cool
Its amusing, weird, and fun
nan
Don't bother instaling, I've been searching for JUST GIRLS and every now and then some guy shows up on my search, starting to think it's better to just uninstal, because at this point it's like they don't even care, I even do report, but a few weeks or months later there they are again, I've lost count of how many reports I've done... Also I've put to search for girls just in my area but it keeps showing girls from all over the world...
I've been on just about every dating site/app you can think of and still single. I can't even get any matches!!!
Awesome
I literally had Tinder for three days and got banned for no reason. Tinder will not give you an explanation either. The swipe function is an easy way for people to rack up matches that often result in half-assed, dead end conversations. This app is a waste of your time. Get Hinge instead. Hinge is a great app and you will have a much better experience.
Banned? For what and you cant even fight it or find out why. Tf is that about
when u guys launching tinder gold for android??
Overall works well. Needs a way to organise matches in groups or by tags, things rapidly get messy when you get 100+ of them. Also, shoving up my eyes people's age as a first thing on profile should be an option, not a default state of affairs. By doing that you guys making it such a big deal and force people to project stereotypes on each other. This suppose to be a fun social experience. Nevertheless, thanks to the devs, keep it up the good job guys.
Absolutely ridiculous that you have to pay to even talk to anybody. Everything is locked behind payments walls and you can't even do anything jnless you do. You expect me to pay $15 just to talk to somebody?! I haven't even found any common interests yet and its like paying for the date beforehand. Absolutely uncalled for.
Won't load and won't log into my facebook
Ok app but very few other people in my area
Great app
😊
Needs more to do
the user interface is allright and the people seem real, but i dont feal any real connection with anyone i talk to.
I made a purchase for Tinder Gold on 8th March for Rs 1650 but still can't access it. I have received request no. (12671228) but did not get the resolution and still waiting for it. Not expecting this kind of experience from Tinder. Very disappointed.
s uper
none replys after a match
Great app idea. Needs loads more work.
It's an okay app
I don't think I've ever had to use the report button this often on an app before in my entire life. It is $25/month for Gold but the app is about 80% filled with bots, fake accounts and advertisers. Reporting them does not do anything for your experience or help you see more real people. I honestly can't believe I had this app for so long trying to meet someone. What a waste of time. These 5 stars are just to get past the filter. 0/5 .
Was only on my phone a day then wouldn't let me log in....gutted !!
waste
First install: was looking for people near me for 30 minutes. I got bored, so I deleted it. Second install: managed to get into the menu at least, but couldn't upload any pictures. I've deleted my account and removed the app. Third install: I can't even get the mobile verification code anymore...
Best dating app yet.
Why the *bleep* am I banned for? I ain't no pervert.
I rather give u my b!tch
Pretty chill! Definitely a cool place to make new friends since Corona
There r cheapsters in this app
totally waste of money and time...useless app
App cant be opened on my phone
It is a great chance to meet more people
I can't able to verify my number. It says 'A system issue occurred. Please try again.' So annoying can't able to use app. I checked help section, but didn't find any solution. Please resolve this issue. Update the app
Men are awesome!!!!!
So many freaks. "NOT A HOOK UP" lol complete lie
It was trash u can see who like u on facebook and instagram for free wats the point in payin for a like and to message ppl
Its a nice application...
Its fantastic but please clarify its more of a dating up than a an ad app
Finally I am thinking I will not die SINGLE .. Offcours I loved it !     Thanks Uncle Tinder I love you for developing such a cool App .
Easy to use. Even thou am still trying to figure it out
Love it
Ugh so boring... Not much options 🙄
Still lags constantly and logs out. Lots of errors.
Fun
Sweet
"Disable discovery" option won't even work. No option for customer support. Buggy notifications
Worked for a week and now won't let me log in
Garbage
Not a good place to meet people. Great place to get scammed if you're not careful.
I keep emailing an no one replies. If you're going to keep shadowbanning my account have the courtesy to tell me why or at the very least let me delete the account.
Its not that bad at all
Best
Banned for no reason
I miss the group's it was better the bs feed they have now but what ever 
it's still doing its job
Nope.
hm....... expensive ???
Why does it need to be linked to facebook? Was going to give it a try but 
uninstalled straightaway. If I were to date again I want it kept away from 
facebook for starters.
After paying for platinum membership after 2 months tinder banned me for no reason to disclose and to renew the membership despite being banned they charged me for another term ...I dot understand this type of banning system without any notice or clarification plus they charge again for next term despite being in banned state ...it's like just stealing in the.name of membership .please Tinder plus clarify this and refund my payment or lift my banned state
So far not bad
Awesome. Good platform.hope I will find my life partner
This app is great for Homebody/Introverted folks like me
Cool app
my account is bending
I have quite literally been getting a fake profile match every day now for a while.  Somehow Tinder has grown lax or allowed this to happen to a prolific rate.  Granted in not in a big city so I wouldn't believe fake profiles are made to increase numbers in a 350k population city.  I report each and every one but nothing is done
it's dumb
I'm enjoying it lots of pretty ladies
I can't change my age, it keeps showing 54 while am just 25 years I tried changing it on Facebook but it will not still change
😀
Can't find someone who likes me back
Why so cissexist? There's more than two genders. Maybe expand to be a little more lgbt-inclusive? That's my only compliant.
Anyone else not able to get in tinder when they leave the house or disconnect wifi
It keep delete match when I don't even hit unmatch
works
It's not showing thoespeople near me. Showing"went something wrong,try again later" again again .u can't even report any problem
Amazing 👏🙀😮😲
I strongly recommend this app to you. It's a good app.
Paywall
Love this app keep up the good work i love going on tinder
I paid for a month and nothing changed between it and the free app. Hated 
it very much. Waste of time and money.
For all of you hating on this app you must have a pretty weak approach to women. I've had nothing but fun with it. Yet this pay crap they implemented is just that, crap.
Why can't i signup if i don't hai FB account
So far it ,, ( Tinder) really sucks!!!. Since I joined with just my full profile, I have had no response whatsoever. The app keeps saying Oops some thing went wrong!!! please try back again later!!!My friend who turned me on to Tinder , looked at my page and could not figure it out either!!he said that you should be swiping like crazy!!!! Well what the f____k!!!
Decent App not met anyone yet but met a few friends
Unusable due to a popup demanding your email so they can bombard you with spam and sell your info. Umm.. ya no thank you.
Garbage, Hinge is outdoing this pile of rubbish and makes people engage into conversations unlike Tinder. Aside from the fact you can't change the location you can also not use the app without having constantly the location on, thus draining and damaging your phone's battery. You know who allows you to do that for free? Hinge! And now for some reason, whil trying to log into this so called app I am asked to verify I am a human with some puzzles that make absolutely no sense. Tinder sucks
its ok...better than some free dating sites. actually some gentelmen here!
nice aap to meet strength people and talk to them,I liked it
Excellent
Won't let you past the registration screen. Constant error getting verification code
💥💥💥
0 matches in 3 years, would not recommend
Xbrdst app
It's good
force for money 💵 again and again
My 5 account has been banned, ok I will not try to use tinder anymore, their has many more dating app as well... My account has banned without did anything wrong.... But if you guys keep doing banned people then people will lose intarest to use tinder... Permanent banned is not a solution... You guys need to punish anyone, you guys can punnis for few days.... Even though I didn't do anything wrong.. And I can't change my face to use this app.... Thank you... And no more try to use this app....
Sometimes it shows notifications that I got a message but it doesn’t show the message when I open the app.
I was using tinder every day until my account got hacked then I was permanently banned. I reached out to support and they kept giving me the same response over and over again, there was nothing I can do after that. It doesn't feel like anything is secure and support is just a robot, good luck.
Doesn't find matches at all.
until now is a perfect app for meeting new people
i love it it's incredible 😍
Great app made a bunch of friends
it's tinder
I can not unsubscribe from tinder gold
Completely broken, can't see any of your matches, absolute waste of time now!
Keeps saying error and will not allow me to sign on
used to be fine but the app hardly work anymore issues with profile saves subscription, fake verifiactions, and pictures absolute terrible performance with 0 support for a paid service DO NOT USE
THIS APP WAS MADE TO EXPLOIT YOUR INSECURITIES. IF YOU ARE A MAN AVOID AT ALL COSTS
It's a good app but you guys block me several times and there is no customer care service to contact i did subscription and i was blocked i can't even logged in again this is bad
Buggy. Very buggy. Can't update my profile.
It's ok decent people to talk too
I got banned for no reason I used to use tender on and off for a really long period of time and all of the sudden I got banned! Why I have no idea and I'm pretty much sure that it didn't violate anything and I didn't do anything wrong! so what is this about!!! I tried to contact your support team so many times with not even 1 reply until now!! this is absurd
It's a beaut
Good
Chargeable app
Set distance to 19 km, global turned off, cash cleared. Asked to show me women. My profile was also initially set up as lesbian woman, so no confusion here. Shows me: a guy 100+ km away from another country nearby, a girl from London, which is reeeally far away, women from other cities. Useless.
Paid for gold and it's not letting me use it?
fun
Keeps crashing Still crashing, I've unistalled and reinstalled 😕🙄
Awesome app could use image sending in the chat though
Everything is hidden until you pay 🥲
Every time when i open this app , the app be like something went wrong please try again
The tinder algorithm s*cks -_-
I can't login with my FB account
stuck with blinking logo for about a week now.. I was randomly swiping and it sent me to that screen and every time I try to open the app I get that screen
Real good app to match with very attractive bots/automated systems. A real accurate estimation, and this is my experience, is about every 2 of 3 yes TWO OF THREE worthwhile matches are nonexistent people. This SHOULD be a quick and easy fix to screen these accounts out, persey when Bumble makes you take a picture in a very specific fashion..works GREAT. Filter oit the fakes, 5/5 stars otherwise "it's gonna be a no for ne dawg!"
Best
Nice
I like it
Gokil
nice
Profiles don't work been this way for 2 weeks now. Absolute dumpster fire now
Worst
Good app, runs well.
Bad
Extremely limited and boring there is just so little information on the people. End up scrolling for hours arm wrestling the algorithm to see what I'm looking for while it just shows me people who all look the same with no real info in bio. Not to mention all the questionable ways it trys to get your money. If I wanted to just talk to random people without knowing if we shared any interests I'd just go to some public chat room or a public place lol. Has proven basicly useless to me.
Short and sweet and to the point
this app got me laid
😊
worst app i haven't seen in my life..
👌👌
Great app, but get the same people here and there
Kinda lags, overall it's a cool app.
Recently started using after a little over a year and the new Tinder plus features are annoying. The fact that I have to have tinder plus to sit and swipe through profiles is annoying. Enjoy the experience of meeting people but not the app functionality.
Foarte bun, imi place :)
The app is working well for me but please stop expanding my search criteria, literally all I get is people more than twice the distance range I set. It's set for a reason so please change that.
The app logs me off alot and now it won't let me log in
Keep getting this message whenever I try to log into the app. This was about a year and a half ago. Thought what the heck and tried again but still doesn't work and this message keeps appearing. Reinstalled 3-4 times and still no change.
regular
This app does'nt installing in my lg g6 phone! Why?
Good
I didn't find a single match till now ,will u plz tell me what to do now???
Perfect app if youre in a hurry and need a cheap date, but remember to boil youre victims befor use... You know just to be on the safe side =)
It asks money for everything basically, and matching is not guaranteed!
Amazing App
Its been good for me. ..
This app has so many problems, especially with fake accounts that even a legit one has to suffer because of the mistrust. Even verified accounts are easily banned by someone who intentionally reports you because you don't like them back. Incredibly bad behavior from tinder not to realize that!
awesome
Awesome. Having lots of fun.
Can't log in to app unless connected via wifi what a waste of phone space if it's like that
shyam Purohit
TRASH!!
Funny app
This app is great.
Will just search the area for hours. Smh I've contacted the mains and nothing! This is crazy!
good
The site is great. Most of the people in it are what brings it down..
90% of profiles now are either very obviously fake, or ads for prostitution. Tinder makes zero effort to stop this, expecting users to do it for them. The new 'match-maker' feature is yet another reason not to recommend Tinder, as it's being used to share & make fun of user profiles outside of the app. Tinder only seems to care about your cash, with the fake profiles hiding the fact no-one uses this anymore. Don't waste your money on the paid services, as you get very little for it. AVOID.
very nice app
im ugly
Still having issues logging in. I updated still had issues. Then I reinstalled it to see if that would solve the problem and no. A bit frustrating.
great app for meeting peeps
Just bots as far as the eye can see. Bots for days. That's it. Almost every match. I get 3 or 4 messages every day from different bots. This app is just pointless and annoying to use now.
Fabulous 👌
Worst app asl for money on every thing. They steal your money and give you nothing in return. Don't waste your time and money.
Nice app for single guys
Nice
1 star for this app because I can't log in itis a bug? Or what?
Nice app but needs to improve more by mekin it chat free to everyone not only matches
Expensive $$$$$$
Great app
Worst app I've used. Also I was about to delete my account because I hate this app so much, but then coincidentally they already banned me without a clear explanation. Oh well, good riddance LOL.
It doesn't work
It's pretty addictive but I've got a couple of gripes; firstly it keeps crashing and my phone hasn't been the same since I installed the app. It keeps turning itself on and off sporadically.  Secondly, it would be great if the user could 'lock' their location somehow, so that the results & matches were relevant to, say, where you live rather than from that time you visited a different city 50 miles away for one day 2 months ago....
Not everyone has or wants Facebook
Log in problems!  Very annoying! I want to close my account as soon as I am able to log in😞😒
It's ok. But other dating apps are better. Even for the paid content
Good
It is kinda only a Facebook thing and I don't use Facebook at all. I just don't like Facebook and think there are better things I can do with my spare time.
Stop removing my account cause I'm not responding to every creature that messages me. I'm allowed to have choice involved in my online dating.
My account was banned wich would be fine if I was informed why, but whenever I contact customer support they never tell me the specific reason behind my ban
Able to meet people in new countries
i really dont like the app
It would be great if it wouldn't go black screen of death on me suddenly!  One day it works fine,  the next it freezes up my phone! Pretty frustrating when i have messages i really want to answer but can't and have no other way to contact them. Please fix that issue and i'd give it 5.
Great for people in new places
Cant even see my likes or messages. Tinder has changed no ways am thinking of deleting the app.
Just awesome
You should give us the option to send the person you like a msg like okcupid that will bring more people
This is still being advertised as having Wear support, and that's the main reason I downloaded it.  Can't swipe, read or reply to messages.  It's smooth and fun otherwise.
So i had this app for a while now and i got a 3 months subscription and almost every single profile that I came across were just a scam profile and tells you to go to a social media link to lure you into pay money. About one uninstall I would not recommend.
Good
Bans your account for no reason as soon as you pay for it. I did enjoy it when I could actually use it but the company is sketchy.
Superb
m using this app for 20 days . after one weak it wants login. No match till now. useless app
I have met some really super cool people. On most of the other dating apps there are a lot of imposters but not on this app
Good app.but I can't delete it why?
Thanks very nice
Wont even let me log in since the new update
Great app
A good and fun app but too buggy for conversations. No notifications for new messages, people just appear and disappear on the list, etc If it works it's good ☺ If it doesn't, logging in and out sometimes solves it but not often 😠
It's a good app for dating , but half of the girls , making their profiles as prostitute ...
Keeps logging me out repeatedly and takes hours before I can get back on.
🎉
Perfect for meeting new people !!
Apt worked for a few days and now it won't let me log in. It is also still sending me push notifications that I have matches
It sucks
fed up of getting guys to far away
Nice time pass
This app gives you a certain type of power that is slightly addictive. You 
meet a lot of people and get to know some weird characters. It's a great app
Getting error  there was error loading products from store. Its not good app for my mobile.. Name is moto g first generation.
Very bad experience
Coo
Trying to get a refund for a month of subscription on this or any other Google subscription is impossible. Their website doesn't work and you can't get ahold of anyone over the phone because they just tell you to go to their broken website. Pressing 0 doesn't work either because they just hang up on you. I'm angry right now with this.
Its just kinda fun.
Great app...some people are fake  on here
Im a Man! So reviewing tinder will be entirely biased. Been in this app foe quite sometime. No luck is what generally people say but i dont agree. Definitely there is some technicality playing the fool out of men. Dont make men get bored of this app just because you need paid subscription you might end up losing customers especially men without whom you cant maintain the balance.
A very weak site, is not easy to find girls and takes a lot of time...
Its a fun safe way to meet people whats wrong with that??
A good way to kill time.
Please fix bugs. :( I can't even log in :( please....
helping me make friends!
Its alright met some cool people
It uses free notification to tell u that someone liked u, when u opened it, there's ntg inside
Okk
Updates are supposed to remove glitches not cause them. New message notification comes but doesn't show in profile. Please fix.
Good
unless you get a membership you can't do anything!!!!
FAKE
Good to know your neighborhood
App has crashed. I cannot delete my account. I cannot see anyone in my area. No more matches happening. Messages aren't being delivered. absolutely unusable.
ridiculously simple
So far so good
Awesome
very disappointed , UK
Shud letus swipe more
I think
Worst.. its my first time loading Tinder, as soon as I signed up I got banned for doing nothing.
Cool but matches hard to tough
Love this app
Keeps crashing after the recent update
might work if youre hot
super
It's not a bad app. But twice I was talking to really nice girls and for some reason the conversation just disappeared and I was unable to talk to them which really annoyed me
The app does nothing.
Nice
i give it 1 star becuse tou need to pay for it and there are apps that are like this one but no pay
Looking for my split-apart. He's still out there.
perfect
Low match rate
Doesn't even work
It won't let me sign in so I will not was it thank you
nice
Unable to login. Please fix
Terrible experience! I'm a new user just installed today however the account just somehow got banned for no reason.
I dont believe i got banned because i accidentally wrote iam 17 instead of 18 for someone wile my profile says what my reall age is ... Even tho i e-mailed tinder and they didnt answer ... Thank you
a very stupid app that bans u for no reason after u sub for premium
agora que eu tô mais arrumadinho deu bom hehe
It won't open, I've uninstalled it and installed it lots of times, and I've updated, and it stills not opening, only one star because I can't even try it 😑
Great app. Serves it's purpose. However here lately when I switch to the "global" option it still only shows me people around me and then after a couple of swipes it says "something went wrong" so that's kind of annoying.
failed to send message every time its comming and im lossing my matches i updated my app and lost my match
Beautiful App. I found my love.
Every one of my accounts that I've made throughout the years have been banned for no given reason with no option to be unbanned. Terrible.
It's good feeling to have this apps
You can only sign in with Facebook. What if you don't have a FB account and don't want one
Since last update Tinder requires that you share your facebook info: Friend list, likes, studies.  If you don't allow it you can't log in.   I'm sorry but this is just a bit too much,  you do not NEED this info from me.  It is up to ME if I want a fuller profile,  not you,  and the fact that if I don't give you what you require I can't use your app is very suspicious.  I have cancelled my subscription and uninstalled your app.  If this gets changed I'll be glad to give you my money.
It works for what it is, nothing like advertised
Crashed over 12 times in the first 24hrs I downloaded the app. After I was unable to look at my matches/messages, I would get this endless loading sign. I uninstalled it and installed it several times and problem still exists.
I have 2 accounts and all of them were banned. I didn't even do anything wrong. This app sucks.
Not good this app
Was working well, until I lost all of my matches after accidentally logging out and the logging straight back in. What should I do to fix this?
Do not pay for this ap. The moment you pay you lose all access to the app. Too many fake profiles all bots for adult sites.
I love it's user friendly features. And the mystery behind meeting different people.
First downloaded app and it asked to log in thru facebook, I'm down for that but I want to choose my picture selection. Upon downloading the first time I could select info I wanted shown from Facebook, so I unchecked pictures. The app will NOT let me upload pictures from my phone or from Facebook. When I try to it says "no albums", both on my phone and Facebook, that is 100% wrong. So I delete and reinstall, now that original option is gone (to choose what is seen from facebook). Even deleted account.
Something different, enjoyable.
more chances to backtrack. have a list for favorites. make it more user friendly for free
For some reason I can not utilize your app. You won't let me make an account because of my phone number. Can you please look into this for me. Thank you.
Very good
Cash grab. Barely works unless you pay.
تطبيق فاشل مو راضي يفتح 👎🏻
you can meet cool ppl on this app but first you should chat for a few days to see if the guy is real n then decide if you want to meet
I was randomly banned after not using the app for like 3 days, didnt changed anything in my profile for like 6 months and I didn't talk to anyone within that last week. Support did not help me at all, just said they couldn't repeal bans. Now I have a good reason to never use tinder again.
Got rid of superlikes. Becoming like the lower quality apps.
Too many catfish women on Tinder and the real women i meet on here in person just want one thing and it is not sex it is money money money
Tinder is made to trap people in so that they start paying when "it stops working", it works the first week you get it in and make an account, after that not even rats will match with you unless you pay and "Get Featured Now For a Limited Time Offer!!!" It's fake
Nice
Its a good app
Good
Banned me randomly. Dumb.
Like everyone else says it is now broken for the past week. Can't open profiles unless in top picks screen.
Worthless.
Helping social awkward people break the ice before initiating one on one relations. In two minds about the concept but the app can't be faulted
If I could rate this app with 0 stars I would. I refuse to use Facebook any longer bc of drama yet i have to have it to use this app? What a joke, everything's about Facebook now days. Smh.
It is quite clear the owners of tinder no longer care what happens on the platform. They dont give a F*** about tinder users. They ignore all our suggestions. Tinder will go down in history as the world's largest digital pimp. Tinder banned my profile for no reason at all. Tinder is nothing but a huge disappointment. To hell with Tinder. Badoo is a lot better. They have more verified profiles and the girls are hotter
Its kinda boooring
no podía ver los chats tocó reinstalar
Very good
Like
I have a lot of trouble uploading new pictures
It is a good thing if you want/like meeting new people... but it takes all your time and battery 😂
Nice app
Good
Would love to try out the app but it never sent me the phone code. All it would say after i asked it to resend the code about 4 time is that there was a problem getting my code.
42 yr trying 2 get my life back , good lover , massager.
So for some reason my tinder app quit working..it won't let me log in at all, and I tried to delete it and then re-install it. Please fix it!
One if my matches only allows me to respond when they send me a message, I cant see their profile in my matches but can access it from the notifications only can you please fix this?
Installed the app can't message anyone!!!!! Liked over a 100 profiles and no reply???? Something is wrong!!! Please fix it!
doesnt find anything
I matched with someone and I accidently backed out of the message and now they don't show up on my match list. I don't know what happened.
This is trash. It asked me to verify that I am a human and told me to pick the picture with the banana and I did, and now I'm banned
I have no matches when I decided to get back to the app
Dump application
nice app
nice
Can't login,   waste of time
All matched people are inactive users. Waste of time on this app
Simply, great app
it's great I love it
A lot of bots and people who just expect you to add them on another platform are the main negative. However the app is usually stable and simple to use. Probably a high variance of your experience will be based on your location and age range.
Total garbage. You pay $30 a month to access the full app and then it's just nothing but scammers with verified profiles and other unverified fake profiles. Their Photo Verification system doesn't work AT ALL. Don't expect whoever you're talking to to be real on that app even if they have a blue checkmark on their profile. Just ridiculous. I highly recommend people to avoid giving them any money becauae you are just going to end up paying to get scammed and to have your time wasted.
This app is a lot of fun but it's annoying to have to log in through your Facebook. The app's connectedness to Facebook also means you have to add pictures to your Facebook to use them in Tinder. I'd really love a function that would allow users to take a picture from their gallery.
I don't why i suddenly can't open the app, and when i try to uninstall, it took quite long time. Really disappoint
Worst app..........always troble to login
Started off good since the update im stuck in the loading matces page I reinstated it and then it kept saying there is an error signing in through Facebook
Is great. Almost got maried to someone I met because of this app
Go date in the real world.
Yo I can't make a acc
Waste Of Data, Time, Money, Dedication, Energy & Efforts ......
lit app to get laid
It keeps logging me out everytime i use it
Too many fake profiles
Awesome app
You always get reminded how much better the paid version is. Also, the chances of matching are rather slim.
Nat free Faltu he aap
Swell
Im not gonna lie i really loved to use tinder but to get banned out of nowhere (right before im suppose to go on a date ) n then no way of getting my account unbanned after i spent alot of money on it too the customer service is trash too no appeal process on this trash app im beyond pissed n dissappointed!!!!!
good app
Nice
Lit!
easy peasy japaneasy
Great app
Bad app they give me banned without reason and they don't answer emails
Only time wst
First was able to get in then 20 minutes later pictures disappeared despite trying to clear cache and uninstall multiple times. Trying to redo a whole thing but no longer able to get the code just like other stated.
Worst app ever. The app be like , transfer all ur money so that i can show u all the people around u. Gaming apps are better match makers 😂😂✌️
Don't trust you not to post or notify anyone I'm using the app
I like tinder so much thanks
It's alright there a lot of scams but you do meet someone real from time to time
Useless app ....
Now I'm more lonely
Very simple and cool
good for new friends
I've been using Tinder for free for a while and I enjoyed my experience very much. Until a few months ago when I deactivated my account and deleted the app. Once I reinstalled it and set up a whole new account I found that i wasnt matching with anybody. I figured the app was glitching since I was using the free subscription and yet I wasn't seeing any ads. I've uninstalled the app several times and deactivated my account too but it still does4nt seem to be working 🤷🏽‍♀️
I cant log in 90% of the time
For some reason the app only works when I first download it but stops functioning after the first hour. Tried signing out and signing back in but it wouldn't let me do that either. Only thing that works is uninstalling then re-installing. Edit: So I forgot that this app was super glitchy and tried redownloading. It keeps telling me that I have matches and messages but then won't show me said matches and messages. I will be deleting again.
Often hangs
i am a new user. i am making an account with this phkne number that somebody else had. its saying the account is banned!.
Excellent
Horrible app. I literally just downloaded it today. Made my profile and then IMMEDIATELY got banned. Banned for existing ig? Don't even know what I did wrong
Awesome
Cool
Misandric app
you guys should allow to see us who liked us.
expensive asf not worth it
Simple et sympa
Pathetic user terms conditions and Tinder Policy
Good
Not bad but still could do something better to improve 😉
I need help deleting my account, its not allowing me to delete it so I can correct my age
It is slow and scammers
A female asked me if I was a toaster, because she wants to take a bath with me and die.
I attempted to log in and the app forced me to enter a phone number (I signed in using facebook) and then when I tried to enter my number for verification it gave me an error. This app is useless
😊😊😊
Awesome
Right Swiped till my thumb print vanished, no matches at all. Waste of time
why my account has been banned?
Its a joke of a dating app. tells you you have new likes yet you dont get a single match. Its telling me I have 25+ likes yet I cant see them unless I pay them to upgrade. This app can eat a dick.
Good start. Had a couple of bugs yesterday but these have been quickly ironed out. I'd like profile editing in the app.
good
not bad tbh does what it sez on the can
Excellent
Aint it about time you sorted all the dodgy 1s out that are linked 2 bitly. We aint that desperate
Cheaters... Once I paid to them.. They stopped showing matches nearby..
good app for finding people makes its a bit easier for introverts
My number somehow got banned and never used it?
Ok
Yay
Nice
I recently created my account yesterday and I logged in today and I was banned so I give it 0 stars horrible app
Awful. When you match, you can't even MESSAGE the other person, demands gold when you go to just chat to them. Don't even get this.
asdasd
Helps tbh
Quick and handy, although I would go to OkCupid for an app suited for more in depth searching and long term dating.
unable to delete my account.
Failed to upload profile picture, please try again. This is the message I get when trying to create a profile.. delete the app, reinstalled, same message.
The best dating app ever
I was classically banned for no reason. Will edit this review if I hear from tinder.
These us a very good app to meet up someone pls u guys should stop the banning
honestly I am pissed i used to love tinder when I was on it like 10 years ago it was completely free, like open to do say go wherever with whoever and I gotta say it was easier gettin laid without having to enter your credit card info
Seems cool, a lot of younger guys than I expected
Works and has an industry leading interface. Rest is up to you, homies.
i wish there was a mechanic to only find friends, and a mechanic to only 
find ppl to hook up or to meet...
Its a nice nd interesting app with gud people
😍
People banned you without explication ! App meta is a scam !
Pretty fun
App not opening
Bad
It's been awesome
Deletou minha conta e me baniu app lixo...
Great app to find friends and keep entertainment at its best  if you can make it that way;)
I am wating
Better than match
Is a great app
Comfortable to use
I like it is not
I wouldn't recommend this app to the devil himself
Of course this is Tinder, does what it says on the tin... even if it's treated more like a dating/meeting app these days than a strictly hookup app now (for better or for worse, depending on your aims). One big thing that could be improved is sorting matches; by location, date, etc. Seems like a simple but helpful thing that Bumble does have. Also adding city names and not just distance would be nice... this isn't Grindr for straights anymore, people.
no one replies back not even sure if I'm talking to a real person or a bot
Very okay
app sucks too many fake pic and profiles that are not even on
I feel like they really half-assed this app. It is nowhere near as good as the iPhone version. It doesn't even allow you to edit your profile.
I like this app
Good
just waste of time
rubbish
After months without using tinder, I've installed it and tried to open just to find out that my account was blocked, probably hacked...and they don't answer my email...
Doesn't work since update
Works good
App is stuck in logo screen. Tried all possible troubleshooting but no use. Uninstalled, Installed the app still nothing's works. It's a flagship phone of Vivo I am using with latest Android version. Since last month I am facing this and my subscription is being wasted. Think before you download I believe the company is about to stop this app because of losses.
Good app
Worse app
It's okay
Nice and easy way to find and meet new people
Pehle istemal kare fir wiswas kare. Such a bekar app
Won't connect to Facebook
Dope app made for single people like myself..
I cant make an account .. error 40303
Uhm id like to see who liked my profile without paying for it becuase not everyone can afored it and thats kinda rediculous that you have to pay to view the likes id like that problem fixed
It crashes!
good app......found it very helpful...got a good match in very first week
Nice
Excellent, and working fine
Currently unable to delete my account. The app is not working properly. I'm seeing the same profiles again and again, do not seem visible to others despite upgrading. Matches with people who have liked me are not working either. No one to contact to resolve the issue. Not good.
Happy with the App! :)
Nice
Faltu app
Amazing Platform to find New Persons !!!
It won't let me sign in.. keeps saying "oops there was a problem signing in, please try again"
I just spent my well earned money on this app just for it to log me out and not let me get back in?   GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK!
super
Almost impossible to cancel subscription on Google play.
good
Have been using tinder for sometime now but this time hi try to register and along the line where u said show me men or women it just stop there it as refuse to complete registration for days now please do something about it have lost all my friends I need to get back on tinder
Says I got a bunch of likes but won't show me their profiles. And what's the deal with this secret admirer thing?
Tons of choice. Lots of activity. Simple interface.
Great app
Lame. was only on it 1 day, and now the app has given error code and wont sign me in.
After the last update when I swype left for other foto's is "disliking" when Im liking the person. And owh yeah, I cant upload new foto's while others can! Please give a good and amazing update!
Pretty Sketchy algorithm, I got gold but over time the amount of likes you get begin to reduce, they say no one is new around you yet if you take a look at some of your top picks (which you have to pay for more no matter whether youre a gold member or not) you'll see that some of your top picks are actually in your area, and even 5 miles away sometimes. Kind of an obvious gimmick, and as soon as i ended my Gold membership, i immediately started getting more likes than i have this whole week. so.
It's good
I joined this app not to date or hookup but to make friends in college (covid makes this hard). It has actualy worked out pretty well and I have made some very cool friends. This app is great except that it has so many adds for the premium verson.
Hate the new update that wants your phone number to go to a third party to be able to login
Good
Great app
Only robots now or people on the other side of the planet.
You have to pay to see who liked you or even write them a message that's total garbage I'd rather have constant ads pop up. I can understand the other features needing to go premium I get it the developers need to make their money but to not be able to do what the app says you can do without paying is false advertising!
It lies its not free atall ! And than wont let you delete your account so they can than sell it
Love it
Ossmmm i loving it
app won't open anymore just stays a white screen
This app is such a money sink-hole. When I first signed up a few years ago, I got a match within the first week. I kept swiping, then not a match. Not-a-single-one. Nada.  Then I paid money and upgraded. Got maybe one or two matches again. No replies from the matches (but that's ok), so I moved on. Days turned into weeks and weeks into months. Not-a-single match!  Then, I upgraded to Tinder gold. Same as above. Got a couple of matches to alleviate my buyer's remorse. Then no matches.  I even tried buying "boosts". Same as above; got a match immediately. But since then, none of my boosts worked. No matter how many times I boost, I get absolutely zero matches.  Meanwhile, I'd updated my profile with better pictures repeatedly, did lots of research and wrote down "thoughtful-yet-upbeat-good-vibes" descriptions and what-not. I even got my photos reviewed by strangers online through apps like photofeeler.  NOT-A-SINGLE-MATCH since then.  Nowadays, nothing I do works. Despite swiping hundreds of profiles right (after swiping hundreds more just to seem "realistic" or whatever), I don't get a single match.  Tinder has left me feeling like a totally undesirable ugly blob!
Difficult to set up and customer service is really terrible. You should change the log in process as well. I should have to be verified 5 times.
Can't delete my account. Can't get any matches
You can really meet someone and have a legitimate romantic connection. It blows my mind.
Time consuming to find someone.
poor app.. maximum fake account and bad aap design..
I love it
Easy to use, interesting app
Crash
Not bed But No one replay
Not Or
Connect through fb is a deal breaker for me, as I do not have fb
Enjoying the app
Life goes well and have been so far so good
Wrost Dating app i have ever seen,Tinder only wants money and nothing else
Amaaaaaiiziiiinggg!!
Interesting so far
So, I decided to treat myself for once and buy a subscription. Less than 24 hours later and I've been banned with a message telling me its permanent and irreversible. This might have been fine if I hadn't been denied any explanation or chance for appeal after emailing the company and being offered none of the respect I had shown. I have to say, it's an insanely stupid move to ban someone willing to pay you money. Goodluck Tinder! 😂
The only person I've been matched to is 1300 miles away. Maybe some bugs need to be worked out.
i love this app
I like it cus its one of the best apps out to meet new people in my area
It doesn't send verification code to phone
No new matches are loading for the past month..
Terrible app. Use any other dating app other than this one
Tinder used to be great but since Tinder Plus came out it sucks terribly.  You get a limited number of likes and waste half of them on bots. Tinder needs to do a better job of stopping bots from joining esp with the limited likes. With the newest update you can't even see your heart meter deplete. When Tinder was completely free I got like 5-6 matches a day. Now with Tinder Plus out I get MAYBE 4 matches a week. It's been completely ruined. Go use a different app like Hinge or Coffee Meets Bagel.
Amazing app just all together has never even once gave me any problems....definitely recommend this app...♡...♡
The limited amount of likes plus the amount of spam bots makes the whole experience trash. I really wish I could give it zero stars. Edit update: Wow, this app sucks.Then they have the balls to ask me to pay for features. Update: Far too many bots and fake profiles. Apparently you can't report fake profiles anymore for being straight up fake profiles. Tinder, fix yourself.
Easy
Why is it only possible to access via Facebook
good
Excellent
Nice dating app. Very easy to use. You like someone, swipe right. Don't like them swipe left. You get a match, start chatting and see where it goes! Might find your soulmate.
Stupid rediculous app money seeker moron. if there would b possible i would give straight 0 or negative ratings.
Wish I could send messages, won't even show my matches anymore. It says i have them and it just never shows anyone...
Worked great until new update. Now i can't even open the app. It just freezes on a pink screen. I still get notifications but can't access the app
Filled with bugs
Dosent even let me log in even when I click sign in with facebook
After recent update i cant log in.
Should add religion matter & filtering criteria to make it easier
(1/10) Horrible app. You will find nothing but scammers and bots trying to take your money. Do not download it will be a waste of your time.
Full of bots, waste of time
Why is my account banned?? I cant open the app it seems im banner for what reason I would like to know.
Kurang respon member²nya
Recommend highly
An app that actually works.
Worst dating app I have come across.
My match is gone when we are still chatting a lot of times, please fix this bug ASAP.
OK
Complete garbage app unless you're top 5% attractive male. Expect to get no matches or end up chatting with bunch of crypto scammers from Hong Kong if you're bottom 95%.
Good but hard to find
This app has changed my life. I am now married and have a beautiful baby daughter! :-)
It's alright
Osm
Most useless app
Not logging in. Generic error message. Tried the suggested fixes in the 
support pages, nothing. It's broken.
Great for smashing fat chick's and girls that have fee friends
fraud app i didn't get any match
Not very good since you only get 20 swipes... I miss the old days when it was free and unlimited swipes and none of this pay to bang non sense.
I love it.
Everytime i try and link my instagram account to my tinder account it gives me the message "where unable to connect your insagram account please try again later" i would pay if i could actully use the app
nice app
Супер сайте
Its fine for me
The app keeps giving a error message when you try to sign up and login
App keeps 'matching' and then downgrading to likes when I go to check. From the blurred put photos it appears that people I've 'liked' have then 'liked' me back only for the app to decide we haven't matched
Great app
Whatever
My nipples hurt
I can't get my verification text no matter how many time I try. Tell me when it is resolved and then I will use the app
Awesome
Good
Very amazing app
Great app
Pay to win! but for dating.
I'm a Gold member, to be clear. This upgrade has disallowed the user from viewing other's full profile. This version, as of the day this rating was penned, doesn't expand the view of a person's profile like it always has. To bypass this, you'd have to use the Browser version! 🙄 What a team of gifted coders! Good job Tinder 🤦🏽‍♂️
Doest log in most of the time and constant text verification just to do so is tedious.
Good
Easier to maneuver and communicate with guys compared to Grindr. No harassment or stalking...👍
As someone who's pretty much scared to leave a computer/phone screen, it seemed like the perfect way to meet people. HOWEVER it occasionally says there aren't any people in my area (despite being 10 miles from London, reading and Basingstoke) and help service is slow. Lost all my matches temporarily a few times.
randomly banned for no apparent reason, the app is full of scam accounts. worst dating app out there
Too expensive
Nice!
Its all about money...
Tinder is absolutely useless without money!
Excellent app and easy to use and no pop up ads
Eh its OK people just need to be them self's on here less group pics and more of just you
Rubbish. You need to pay a lot of money just to change your profile and 
settings. Suckssss
This app doesn't work
It's chill
Terrible
Text message option is not available for the quick chat sometime I like any profile but I don't have chat options he's profile it's not fair
nan
Awesome
AKA DAB
What's going on Tinder? Is the App broken? I tried multiple times but it's just loading. No pictures, can't swipe. What's happening? It's used be a good app.
Great experience
U people doing good
Y each and everything is chargable
Unsubscribed from Tinder Plus about 3 months ago becayse the match rate was not worth the money, and in the 3 months since I have receive only 2 matches. It's a ridiculous algorythm.
very very good
Tinder is a waste of time and a piece of junk. I used to get matches all the time during the first month of using it(all of which didn't respond to messages) now I don't get matches AT ALL. This app is literally pay to get matches, otherwise your account gets kicked to the curb.
Loving App..Its fun to use it.:-)
thank you
more free stuff
Fantastic experience thank you
Great app
Men in NY ruined tinder. I dunno why they complain about matching only with prostitutes and hookers cuz they sexualized the app and make profiles without bios or looking for submissives while having no job, fat body and ugly face. And ugh ... Travellers expecting to get free tour guide&sex from busy NY women... Tinder, why my profile is even visible to those kind of idiots? Please be 21st century and give women some power. Until then I just have to remove this app to save my mental health
no longer a functional dating site. its flooded with fake accounts and people who just want you to follow them on whichever platform they are on. this makes it next to impossible to actually find someone real and make a connection.
Most worst app
App stuck
Entahnla
Used to get loads of matches then stopped. Payed for a couple of months and now it seems fine.
Always matching foreigners
Worst app.. I subscribed it for one month.. somehow subscription became invalid within 10 days.. and the helper team can't do anything about it
🔥👌
Messaging portion of the app is far less than desirable - needs serious attention. otherwise it does well..
Works great...beeeeeen using this app and put 3 of my homies on here and now I can't super like because y'all got an ego smh and taking my rating back...subscribe with caution 😒 😤
Awesome
The app just doesn't work on my phone. I can't ever get past the loading screen. Have tried on multiple WiFis and networks, cleared cache and data, uninstalled and reinstalled. Nothing.
Pretty cool app. Nice community when you swipe correctly
Too much spam (fake accounts)!
This app isn't working on my phone. My "like" heart button depletes after my first like, but I can keep swiping. If I restart the app it comes back. I keep seeing the same profiles over and over again within the same day. I have had zero matches in two full days (I get lots of daily matches on the other apps). LOTS of escort profiles. LOTS of profiles of women 1,000's of miles away even though I have a 10 mile radius in the settings. Garbage
Banning everyone for no reason at all. And no help provided from their support team as well.
Hardly ever get a match and no one replies
Liked this app
It's okay. Just be carful who you chat with
I used the app a few years ago and it was fantastic, I got loads of matches every day. Nothing changed, except for the price and the features, without the daily/weekly superlikes and boosts, it's impossible to get matches now. It'll nickel and dime you for what you used to get for free. Don't waste your money.
but tinder should invest more in publicity in MEXICO to have more people on the app
This thing of always verifying my email before getting into the app is annoying 😒
What a wonderful app.. No scammers here ..👍👍👍👍👍
Pretty fun.
I purchased tinder gold back in 2018, couple years later I was banned for "false impersonation". I had made a joke account pretending to be a banana that I named Michael. Nothing dangerous or scary, a harmless banana just trying to bring joy to this terrible world that we live in. My point is I spent $85 on a, subpar at best, service in the past and after this banana incident I was just denied any type of logistic reasoning to be unbanned. I sent two emails to try and fix the situation and even promised that I would never do such a thing ever again, but whoever replied to me was just a suck up who clearly doesn't like advanced level humor and just said I violated guidelines, no exceptions, I'm a poopy head. No human reasoning whatsoever. I don't want a refund. I want to be unbanned. I'm lonely. I need a hug. I want to find love, happiness, and the warmth of another human being that reciprocates that love, and bumble sucks. At the end of the day, what's really stupid, is if there was an actual monster on the platform and they got banned, all they need to do is change their phone number and use a different email and they can go back to being an awful person on the same platform. I'm just a man with a dumb sense of humor that had a 4 day old banana and I gave it life. I hope whoever gets to read this has a fantastic day and understands that I'm not mad at anyone other than myself for expecting a money grabbing dating app to have any form of situational ethics for, no other reason, but to have a level of safety and security that's as theatrical and useless as the TSA. Have a lovely day and remember to drink some water.
Uni
ooww
The app is garbage lol even with a subscription your profile really doesn't benefit from it I've had better luck by just following people's Instagram and sliding in there dms then this app I've talked to so many women through Instagram that never even seen my profile on tinder so clearly they don't show your profile to the people you swipe on the only time my account sees activity lately is if I use the one boost they give you and that only shows to the women who constantly get left swipes.
No sound for notifications
Can't delete my profile or make a new one
Worst app ever was banned for no reason
Paid for Passport- now it's telling me there's no one in the area. Even when I change my location to a big city, it continues to say "there's no one new around you" without showing me anyone. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling, and even messing with my location settings, but I basically paid $15 for the app to be nonfunctional.
چرا نمیشه تو کشور ایران از این برنامه استفاده کرد ؟
Lot of spams and also cause android 5 devices to overheat
It works.
Pay 2 win
Very Anal donate
I had liked the app and met some really nice people there. the app was acting as slow and i had an issue before with getting notified so i uninstalled and reinstalled like before. i kept getting an error message and i couldnt fix it with my email either. apparently I've been banned but I'm not exactly sure why. I've looked online and it says someone reported you. I never sent bad messages or had bad pictures. this leads me to assume anyone can report you and they dont review it. too bad I guess
Very unhelpful. No reason or help after banning my account after years of use.
awful
Thus app drains my battery like a big mf leatch. Just been on it for 10 minutes and my battery drops 15%. Not only that the app slows down so much that typing a letter takes 2 seconds. Fix this bug please. Overall it's good.
Every so often is says I have a new match but there is nothing there. I dont know if this is purposeful so you have users on the app more if it it's an actual glitch
Doesn't always load or stay up to date
Too bad..i hate this application with passion and i have stopped all my friends from using it, Aplication that is very selfish, so because i didn't purchased Tinder Gold or so, like in app purchases, they banned me from logging into my account , i didn't violate any of their rules, they just blocked my account, if i see a way to give this app a black name around the world, i will do it, the same thing friends complained of, you better remove this nonsense application from play store.
i am not able to payment. it takes two minutes to enable to input otp.by the time otp expires.
It's not that bad
Good app
Nice !!!
Can't upload any photos tried everything
Awesome
One of the best bugs app. It always says Technical Glitches. Almost 3-4 times, install it. Do you have a strategy or are you cold to work of this app. If you don't time, why you can't be out yourself from Google Play Store instead of fooling the users?
Like the distance feature and short description
I used this app when it first came out and got me a few dates with some really good looking girls...and all these years later, it has only improved and gotten better in so many ways while also retaining it's simplistic user friendly interface and platform. Well done Tinder Team! Thank you again in advance!
Useless app
I accidentally delete this apps Can I download again please Thank you
This sucks, I made an account with my phone number, and it worked for 5min, then deleted my account! I tried to remake it on the browser and app, but keeps saying "there is an issue" or starting me over.
Love it a lot
Tinder banned me without any reason & no refund event I asked them why they banned me. They don't answer why.
I can't get into tinder 'there is a problem logging into tinder please try again later ' that's what its saying 'please sort this problem
Bal er app khankir chele
Deletes all matches after I log out.
Worst app suddenly banned my account and also not able to make new account
good
Its OK I guess
Lately my matches have been disappearing after i leave the app completely with us having a pleasent conversation
The app is not allow to deleted. Always failedto deletion and You would be warn to not able to use it again as they wikk black list your phone numberor email so that you can not come back cuz once to decidedto deleted it
:)
I have met a lot of great people and it's been fun!
Got banned for no reason and can no loger access my account tried to reach out to there customer service which sucks this app is awful. Do not use this app.
(:
Matches.
I am bit annoyed that u have to pay i thought it was free so left it
Banned me outta nowhere after I've had it a while. Didn't give me a reason why. This app sucks.
I tried to create an account with my phone number but it said the number is banded. I just acquired the line few weeks ago. How can I be banned? Was the number used by previous user who got banned?
Ok
Cool very cool
great app there needs to be more definitive searching however.i.e search by ethnicity
The new smart Tinder algorithm will suck your bucks out, to get more likes, matches, and yes you have to text before the match!
ok
as a developer I know hoe they work with them stack cards and other things.. it is not true natural stack
I received a PERMANENT BAN before I'd even finished setting up my account. I've been given zero explanation and no chance to appeal. USE ANOTHER APP.
Blaw
After I started with this app, it logged me off and I lost all my matches...; how can I trust it and pay for more...please fixe this matter as soon as possible. And yet it has no Customer service, if you go online they never answer.
This is the fake app, there is no real profile, all profile created by app owner by tge help of data base only
It's a good app easy to use
Very functional
தமிழ் நண்பர்களே..... மாதாந்திர அல்லது வருடாந்திர பிரீமியம் 50% ஆஃபர் என்று தயவுசெய்து இந்த ஆப் (premium membership) பணம் செலுத்தி விடாதீர்கள்🙆‍♂️ இந்த ஆப்பில் இருக்கின்ற அத்தனையும் id 😵 யும் போலியானவை அது மட்டும் அல்லாமல் தானியங்கி பெண் ரோபோட்டை போல இயங்கக்கூடியது🙏 Indian's Tamil friends ..... 50% offer please do not pay for this app (premium membership) id All the ids in this app are fake and not only that it can run like an automatic female robots
good
I've gotten a few messages and matches but every time I go to them it reverts back to the find a match section. I also can't access my settings. I need it fixed please or help to sort it out. I deleted and downloaded tinder many times but nothing has changed. My love life is in jeopardy if you can't  help. Lmao. Also it keeps saying try your purchase again. What?
Keep getting a tinder has stopped working message.
Doesn't even let me sign in..  Says sign in with Facebook hit it 500 times tried reinstalling.
A bunch of spam and fake girls on here. Slowly losing Interest in this app.
Nice app but the sub fee is way too high
Gandrīz teicami
Good
So many bugs i have been facing in app 1. I can't verify my profile 2. Not showing any profile to swipe 3. Closing automatically 4. When we click photo for verify its automatically close that tab 5. No one showing at my location even if i push my range So pathetic 😭🥺
Incredible
Great app
WARNING!!! DO NOT USE!!! I was curious so I thought I'd try it out. After getting the cheapest subscription, I only got to use it for less than 24h before my account went under review because multiple people have reported me for catfishing. Turns out this is something common that happens to girls who use the app who don't respond to guys, they just report them and get their accounts banned!!! I also am struggling to get my money back from this scam of an app.
Tinder is a decent app. The issues I have are that I cannot upload my Instagram nor my Spotify account. I try and if continues to load. After researching for help or an email to try and ask for assistance I find nothing. They post repeatedly something about having apple but never anything about having android. So guessing if you have an android be careful might not work fully for you.
lots of fake profile, probably tinder manage 80% of them. everything is about premium, gold and money. it sounds like you can get good people only if you pay! that s really bad. i suggest you guys to go out and meet real people that s how it works.
Perfect meetings site
Wish we can record our voices and send some pics
This app seriously needs to do a better job managing all the profiles with no face. Why is there no option to report faceless profiles???
Wasted months on this app. I only got ripped off and catfished. I do not reccomend this App to anyone.
Great
I paid for gold then an hour later my accout got banned without any reason
This app sucks tbh hopefully this gets to the top
Waste of money
awesome app
Worst app in the world, don't waste your time with it. It told me my card was not able to be registered and would not give me the Plus or Gold subscriptions and it took money off my card anyway.
My account is Banned. Team tinder , my account was banned due to reasons unknown kindly unban it now .
I live in Montana and not a lot of options out here but for some reason I get banned and I look at the terms and conditions and I didnt violate any...
Works. Payment required - Gold package minimum. Controlled by western hegemonic elites, so presents risk to life and / or limb (assassinations, framings, drone strikes, unsolicited falling into love, etc.) when used with a war zone. Men seeking sex or sex stuffs for money should try using the "do you like gifts? Can I interest you in gifting something to you (like a watch, phone, such stuffs - yes; car, house - no)" approach..
Has a couple bugs...but overall it's a good app. Bottom line don't be a douche and you will love this app
Cant download
Awesome 😋
it does the thing
Keeps logging out and struggling to log in
I like it like it
There is no way to know someones height and its awkward asking every interested person.Plus no way to know what someone is looking for or if the have kids
It's good
Worst of time
Need to delete older profiles or people who are not that active
At least it doesn't require Facebook so I'll give it 2 stars now. After the hassle of installing this and creating profile, i keep getting an error "Something went wrong. Pls try again later". Cannot see any suggestions... not sure how to fix this?
Good app
This complaint is out of the ordinary. I'm one of those guys that messes with their phone. I currently have an unrooted 2015 Moto X Pure and I changed the DPI to 400. Even after clearing cache, data, uninstalling, and reinstalling, Tinder crashes without fail, and it's the only app I use that does. Can you help a tech geek out with a fix? I really don't want to change my DPI for one app.
Banned for no reason because the girl got angry I didn't want a second date. Super ridiculous that there's no review process. Bumble and hinge are way better anyways.
Good app
Total waste of time.. no one goin to swipe you rite.. until you pay and upgrade.. or you just swipe right and wait for the match untill u grow old
There is one major issue holding me back from giving 5 stars. Tinder's algorithm is not in favour of its users, and yes I pay for Platinum, so why are you showing me profiles far out of my mileage radius?? For example I set it to about 10 miles but I'm constantly shown people 20+ miles away, look if there's no one else around within the area, then that's okay show no more profiles, because otherwise I'll just swipe no on people if they're too far away. Come on now sort this out Tinder Team 😵‍
Nice bug fixes :)
I met a girl on here and had a great 7 month relationship. Probably wouldn't have broken up if timing was better.
It works, you don't
Why does Tinder show me my own friends from my fb list? .. does that mean they can see me too?.. it's very annoying
Adds Height verification, and not weight verification. This is the WORST dating App I've ever used.
Don't like the fact that you can only sign in to app using Facebook!!! Really annoyed about that... one star. Out of 10 I'd give 0.1 out off 10.
Horrible
I cant login or register
Hope for The Best
Just don't understand why u don't have an option to import phone photos or take them without having to put them on Facebook first. Aggrivating because I really don't use my Facebook. U should add it. Can't be hard to encode
Liking so far and have already had a match lol
Can't even make a purchase idk y .
I'm giving this one star because of the terrible bitmoji spam over the past week. If I get a notification from tinder, it better be about a match - not cross-promotional tie-ins. One notification was enough.
I gotta say i was scared at first.. but now I've been on it for a couple 
months now and I gotta be honest I love it!
App not working for me, using metro psc  huawei phone  i have facebook which use all the time.
Full of bots what a waste of money
asks for money every 5 seconds kind of got this app as a joke but no way these girls are real in this area 😂 no way
Site intentionally withholds matches.
Great
Hasn't been working for the last few days and keeps saying its finding people but doesn't. It just stays on the same page.
Rating says it all!
👍
I got banned for no reason, i obeyed the rules and still yet got banned why
Whiting for bus
Good
Liked yhe app so much
Glitches
good
Don't bother. This app is a shell of what it once was. And I even got banned for moving locations.
Nice
This app doesnt even open all I get is 'oops something went wrong' tried reinstalling it and switched phone on and off!
Awesome aap
boosts went from $3.99 to $6.99 not even worth the time
Blah blah blah
I can't create a new account and the app don't recognize my old account. 
FIX IT please
Sucks that you HAVE to have FB to access the app! It wouldn't connect to my FB so this means I cant use it 😕
I was banned because I'm transgender and got reported by too many guys..
Nicw
nice app go ahead
meh is alright
Goox
So when you view a person's profile and swipe through their photos and you slightly touch the photo it will take you out of the persons profile and back to search. You hardly even notice this has happened and and you end up swiping the person which will generally be not to like. I think they have done this so you pay for the upgrade so you can go back to accidental swipes. The older versions never did this.
Tinder banned me for no reason, and won't tell me why
so conheço gente que desgraça meu psicológico! adoro nota 10!
nice
I don't understand why make this cheap and nonsense application I think who make this application don't have bring nonsense and stupid person make application
Cant login as always
Great app but since I am ugly and poor not even this can help me to pick up anything :(
It keeps crashing and now it doesnt 'notify, pictures are 'black' - it was working fine until the update, and Im not that keen to reinstall the app and re-match all over again. I know you get what you pay for, but this gets a two stars for being buggy and temperamental.
Would be a lot better if you could receive unlimited passes please
None of the girl replied.
I update my tinder with the latest updated it keep Crashing every time
Good so far lol
It won't open on my phone. It won't let me log in via email or code sent from my phone number on the website.
Great
lagging
big issu is fake id..
I had tinder linked to my Facebook and My email and facebook was hacked and someone is making fake accounts of me. I've managed go recover my email and see the accounts getting deleted for "violation of term of service" and I personally cannot use Tinder because of this. It's not even allowing me to use it with my phone number. What the hell is happening.
Matches just show op over and over
I guess for boys it only works if you pay 😂
Awful app, won't even open. Did I get banned? I'll never know because the damn thing won't open. Not even mentioning the near 100 dollar a year service required to do anything in the app whatsoever. If I had Xbox and Switch I'd already shell out $80 a year. That's for online service on 2 consoles and this is a mobile app asking for even more than that for a basic ui that many apps such as(Messanger, kik, amino, Snapchat, Instagram and Twitter) all do.. FOR FREE.. Ridiculous, don't download this.
Great app
Best app off tops
It's full of scammers
Way too buggy, I remember when I made my first app... too bad this is supposed to be a professional business.
It's almost like a stack of fake and impersonated account and admins please 
try improving on account verification so those whack jobs willnt find it 
easy faking their info. Loved the GUI though
Perfect
Even when you have tinder GOLD you STILL can't see the list of people that you've liked. That's sooooooo #$@king stupid, like you can do that in just about any other dating app, but not this one!?!? BS!!
App resets all of a sudden, resulting in me losing my matches, bio and even uploaded pictures. Months of conversations gone, just like that. Seriously, this ruined the experience of what was otherwise a good app. Check your servers and keep an eye out for bugs, and at least try not to ruin other's experiences as well. Thus, the one star and not five. No complaints about the people on the app or the matching algorithms. Otherwise, the app works as it is supposed to.
Tried deleting and reinstalling, still crashes every time I try to login.
i like the app......i have been using the app since Jan 2019 and so far not even one chat i have got.....daily i keep liking and disliking people, but no one has accepted and i have not started a single chat
Allgood
Sucks!
Not installing
Younes
I mean... I just did this so it would stop asking me to do this
nice app .
Never works very well
It's great but the app crashes quite a bit
STOP BUGGING ME TO RATE YOUR APP!!!!
Suck , I don't know the reasons why i got banned, shame
Phone number login does not work
Nice
It actually worked
Nice
Good!
Best
Good app
😘😘
pay to win lol
It is good
Nice app.
Literally 99% of the accounts are spambots trying to get you to go to some adult website. Tinder used to be full of actual people.
Tinder banned my account for no reason. Won't let me appeal. I was a paying member and a real person. It's full of fakes and they ban the real people. Good job Tinder.
Awesome
👌
this shi t app take my money every month, and is no option to cancel subscribcion. i need to change my debit card now.
Good app
Bakchod app hai time waste mt kro guys
Secret admirer thing doesn't work. Keep showing me the same person and says they like you but when I swipe right it gives an error.
First day worked fine .....tried to go on it again in the morning and it just won't work so i loged out and now it wont log me in.....
Does its thing very well, not ideal for me but it's still very good.
App works fine just can't change any pics or add new ones at all
"Oops! Something went wrong" when logging in.
WRONGFULLY BANNED. I woke up one morning after not using this app for a hot minute and got a message saying I was banned for no reason? Also, another screwy thing is that once banned: you cannot rejoin EVER, and they can still continue to take your money if you are paying for their service. Moreover, they don't even HAVE to tell you why you were banned to begin with. I'm upset, Tinder. You wronged me, for presumably no reason.
Just giving one star cuz i got noy even single match *and i am not dat ugly dude* ⊂(・﹏・⊂)
Used their paid service still the same no response. All accounts are fake.
good
pay to win 😂
Their support is a joke. I have issue with paying for gold and their "support" just answered me they couldnt help me. And thats it. No reading logs on server, no any trying to help. If the problem is any more serious than misspelled card number, they cant do anything. Doesn't worth any money. 0/10.
6 years later and its full of the same dead profiles. Mostly dead bots that would contact you on other dating sites.
Strangely addictive.
Good
The app is bad, I couldn't match with a single person smh😔
Gnaba lo pogli gnli few op fkllah ce verscimo droplae ne fie !
Love it makes me easier to find person who has same interests like me
Good
Great ergonomics, nice app architecture....blah, blah.  THE FACT IS; THIS APP DOESNT WORK!! PLUS ITS AWFUL REPUTATUON.....
Funny
The app is greatly developed, but now the pricing of the cheats is ridiculously high...
awsome
सबको राईट स्वाइप कर लिया, लड़की मिलती नहीं हैं ढंग की।
This is annoying most of the time ! Bought a subscription  and now cant log in most of the time or the app keep in crashin ! Useless!!!!
Great free app
unable to login error code (40120) please give solution
Too many spam bots and fake profiles
Good
will help you get laid only if you're already good looking 😜
"Bug fixes and improvements" ok but what improvements will be enough to save tinder
Been on here for a few months. Have yet to get a date from this app. Facebook and bumble they are much more receptive.
Excellent
I have had the same problem for a month and "tinder support" has told me there's nothing they can do this app has completely Gone into the garbage I don't recommend it to anyone
I find myself matching with people who I don't even remember swiping right to
It's too bad this app crashes so much and there's no apparent way to get support.  I regret spending a 100 bucks on it. Not worth it! DON'T DO IT!
Excellent
useless , it is just loading when trying to upload pictures
Ive met one person so far from this and became good friends.....
So intresting
so ba app You need to pay before you message someone who like you
It's a good match making app
nice aps
Superb
Worthless
Can't even log on anymore.
Really good
nice
It filters people you may not be interested in. It makes dating easier. I dont like a lot of random messages so Tinder works great for me.
Great
Awesome
It's a good app nothing wrong with it. It's just I can sign in at all i have try every thing but can't sign in with Facebook
It's ok
Broken and won't let me sign in with the facebook account I am signed into using phone number log in
ABC
Great
The app is okay, but trying to communicate with it it just not working, editing a message is almost impossible
Best dating app I've ever seen
Easy to use
Perhaps it's a new update but, I can't get it to work. Every time I try to sign in, it shows a message saying to try again. I have uninstalled and reinstalled 3 times. I guess I will find something else.
I have a profile, wont let me sign back in with facebook says failed everytime. I have uninstalled and reinstalled it but doent work anyone have this problem?
its nice work
Worst app ever.
Worked for about a month n now everytime i go on the app it just doesnt load, brings it to the opening bit where the tindder logo comes up but it just spazzes out and stops, on a samsung S8 so not a poor quality phone either... fix it
Fine aap
Its really cool
In one day I am get hooked up
It's really annoying that the app keeps asking you to turn on your GPS.
Not bad
I gave up! Literally everytime I matched with someone they will 9 out of 10 times not reply or unmatch when I message them and nobody writes good bios. Don't bother with the subscription, you're just wasting money.
Got an error 40303 about an hour after I logged out and I was actually talking to someone about going to dinner tomorrow night.
Beef up your goddamn verification requirements. Think of some way to prevent fake profiles. Also, you should think about forcing people to fill up the about me section with atleast 100 characters. I feel that could make it easier to detect bots while swiping.
Easy to use. Fast results.
All matches have been reset, seeing people I already matched with, and system notifications telling me to turn my wifi on. That last issue has made using the app difficult because the dialogue box keeps popping up when I say no
The guys have better photos so they look more appealing!
I haven't made a nickname yet, why have I been banned?
Absolute rubbish with the new update. Jesus H Christ. This app is dead.
Simple
Pricing policy
It's totally fake, Tender hiring people to reply to victims(like me)..all 
are fake..they come after your money, worst to worst.. it's no features at 
all like Match com or other good apps, ain't waist ur time..not only 
me..but also friends of mine from both(males& females)..I bet you..if you 
success with one dating... Fake bigtime, no real ppl...etc
its too much bhariiii ...for..a person of silence
Totally disapoonted.. seems fake app.. No Matches at all since last 6 months..
Its good for treval
I rated the earlier app with 1 star...since the new update it is way better...searching better, finding and matching...I recon it's now the best dating app out there.. nice job guys.. !
Fun
Great app when it's working!!!
NYC one
It works.Forget wt loosers says.
Had it for a while. Gets me laid but 1 star on principle of how bad the UI is
You know what it is.
It's ridiculous that you have to pay for features that should be standard, ESPECIALLY rewinding, with a clunky UI that makes it WAY TOO EASY to accidently swipe people the wrong way.   Logs you out frequently and doesn't remember even login email.  There are WAY better apps these days. Don't bother with tinder anymore.
Nice app to find ur half
Well, they basically took my money from my account without giving me the gold tier... And then it's still not here, there's two times so it took two times the ammount, please help me with this.
Title says it all.
I love playing this
good
bakbass hai
paid for 12 months tinder gold cant log in via facebook, email nor phone number. fix this or refund my money
been a waste of time thus far, 7 matches, no replys.... just go to a bar, at least you can talk to a real people
I was doing fine with the free version, then accidentally paid for the wrong tier, thinking I was getting more than I really was and I can't afford the higher tiers. I requested a refund but they never got back with me when I submitted a request.
Got banned and dont know why, pretty disappointed and annoyed
Let's you find people and have a conversation, great
Trash
Best dating app
WhatsNum Connect App is better
After cancell it still taking money! What a scam. Didnt find a 1 real person. Worst ever- go to badoo
ITS A GOOD SUPPORT APP
Its good
I can't even look at my matches. And I refuse to pay for it.
How can i back my banned account?
So many glitches. . Unless you pay the matches don't show up unless you look in feeds . And messages are not getting through. I met 1 in person by chance on town and she asked why I didn't reply. I showed her my reply. But neither of us could see the other persons message.
I am trying to sign up but I am not receiving security code on mobile. I can't sign up. I am in saudi arabia
disgusting
All the dating apps are made for making money, and this one is very expensive. The best way is to uninstall all of them and try something else, like hiking, cycling, training in the park,... It will work better than the dating apps
I like in this app that you can upload short videos and you can see more profiles with the free version compared to other apps. I also like the thematic nights.
Nice
It doesn't let me view any profile , it says unfortunately tinder has stopped
Let me take and upload photos from my camera!  Let me redo the Facebook settings! It should not be this difficult to set up photos ever!
Failed to start. App crash after today's update. Galaxy 8 edge
The app is terribly slow. It's full of bugs. I can't edit the text in my profile, I could barely log in, it only loads up every so often. Needs major improvement.
Unable to send messages no matches coming through totally unable to communicate with anybody.
JUST DONT USE IT IM WARING YOJ
: )
Nice
Worst app
I like this app. I don't have to fill out these questionairres. Just like the pic and maybe you match!
Fun,good just not lucky all the time tho 😅
Good
Easy to use and easy to find company
Deleted last active, and moments. Very subpar to competitors now.
It's the best app, if you like meeting people.
I started using tinder since 2013 and spent I believe over 2000 dollars and I have yet to find a single Date to date lol. No I'm not a Virgin.
Not able to try
Everything was working well 5 stars before the update. Now I don't get no notification,I cant view the the people that I match with. It's horrible now.
love
I've been on a couple other sites, and I would be overwhelmed with messages from users I had no interest in.  This site only allows messages if BOTH people are interested.  I love that concept! It also allows you to "unmatch" at any time, if you find you really aren't interested in that person afterall.
My cousin found her soulmate 💖 and they getting married this December....So I recommend this app...
Good
Keeps saying I have a new message or match with the lil red dot but when I check the matches area there is nothing new zip zero zilch
I have a galaxy s3 and it makes me sign on to Facebook to get on however the system won't sign into Facebook.  It's just shows up as an error and won't let me on. Uninstalled
No comments
Fun app
They are not showing likes enabling people to purchase their like upgrade
It won't let me login at all. I used it a few moments ago and now it 
doesn't let me in at all. Is there a bug in the app😡? Close the app until 
all the bugs are fixed
The best
the app is great but if im going to pay for gold to see all the people that liked me, then i want to see an exact number instead of 9,999+
Will not let me log on. Wants me to update my birthday but fails when I submit it.
Cool
How can you decuted money from my bank account without even my approval. That bank account was not even mentioned on your app. You are fooling people on the name of Booster or super likes. Instead of fooling people you start begging on the road, people will give you money. I have strong objection to the money you people have deducted today on 05 July 2020. I want my money back.
Cant even set my age.
Must there be a limit to number of people we like? You should learn from badoo. And it has login issues.  I had to create new account because the first one crashed me out just like that.
Ruined it with stupid payment matrix.
Works as intended
Yup still cant open profile.
Keeps logging me out but I have found a few nice guys on here
Great app.
Impossible to cancel payment, can't contact them, you cancel subscription in the App, it says ,Cancelled, but they continue to charge. Have to cancel card.
Never can find verification code. Useless
Overall functionality is easy to use. However, Tinder makes the entire experience a pain withthe sheer number of spam and scam accounts that are pervasive on the platform. Even reporting obvious fake accounts, Tinder will actually prevent you from reporting as it is in their "best" interests to show high number of users for marketing purposes, even if more than half the accounts are bot and fake. So many linked to porn sites, gateway to online cam shows, etc. Get your act together Tinder
3 in every 5 profiles is a fake. After update, the app erased all of my matches and had to get the app reinstalled. Not good. Will be deleted.
Not recommended
Good
I think this app is awesome! My only complaint is that I am having a hard time finding anyone near me. And I know there must be people because I live near one of the most populated colleges in the U.S. Can't wait for the fix, but besides that great idea!
slower application
Lot of hookers
Bots that spam you to join web can stripper sites.
Aside from the occasional bot, the app works exactly as intended and the services it provides for free are great enough.
Got cucked
Useful for all women and only useful to guys who are atleast 7/10. Most women use this as an ego boost and most men don't care what they look for on it as long as they can get their groove on.
It's good .
App not open
Don't download this app this app leak your private photo and videos
Excellent
The app isn't letting me log in until late at night. Now getting ready annoying as I've sent loads of reports but nothing seems to be working or getting fixed.. The apps got alot in to its self as it's liking people I know I am not.. Please fix this asap!!!
meh
Meeting some nice people
All good
Where has the profile button gone!?
Great
nan
I like the app it just is glitchy sometimes and I keep having to close it and reopen the app. My secret admirer is always Steven and I'm sorry Steven I'm just not interested please fix the bugs
Its a perfect example of 21st century advancement.
Worst app
I'm not not able to login my account & I'm complaining it from last 3 days but not getting any response. Worst customer service i have ever seen 🤐
It was working on art just fine and then updated to not work on it... (-_-) really???
They deactivated my account and with no explanation!!!
A lot of bots and scammers
Wont let me enter the app because of some "age restrictions" even though I'm 22, got this sim with those restrictions. Good job tinder.
i have used tinder before and it was alright but i redownloaded it and i cant even get passed the login screen it just will not load and i have tried uninstalling and reinstalling a few times idk whats wrong
Pictures will stop loading and only restarting the app will fix it. App will randomly freeze and crash. Sometimes while swiping it will superlike randomly. It also drains the battery REALLY fast.
She was dating a midget in a stripclub
Interesting appl.
i love tinder💯💯💯💯
Good
I feel the app is a set up. One moment you get all these matches but you can't see them until you gold. But soon as you try the gold membership you don't get no matches at all and nothing but fake profile and sex bots.
It says that my account has been banned and idk what happened I did nothing wrong plz help me with this problem I want to restore my account and thank you
Legit...
It make me now all the people of the world
A lot of kiss posing as adults and asking for dirty things.
Cannot login
goodgame wellplayed
not good this app 😕😕
Good
seems like everyone on here are catfish and no one is real
pretty cool
Very good and I love the way it work
Always fun
I got banned for no reason at all!!! Why? I haven't even used the app for a whole week. No explanation, no apology. Nothing!!! I am really disappointed.
How can my account be banned when iv never had a account
superb
I tried making an account for tinder and got banned before ever accessing my account after photos I read through everything and they never specified on weed or alcohol in the photos so I don't know what happen
I met my boyfriend on tinder...so I say give it a try. You just might find the love you've been looking for
Connecting people nicely
Works bad and slowly sometimes
good
I've had it for a few hours now..I'm still single so I think it may be broken cos clearly it's not my looks...I'll give it a few more hours to fix the problem ;)
I downloaded it and tried to join and it's not letting me
This app is used by many women in order to offer prostitution services or to cheat man . In my opinion you should check conversations to eliminate those ones. But i may say that it's one of the best dating sites. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Sucks if you're a guy =))))
Not been on a date once.
If I could, I would rate this retarded place a big Zero!! Such a stupid app.. No customer support, no service, nothing... The app keeps banning you for no mistake of yours.. (Imagine your conversation to be as boring as hi, gm, gn and all of that and still getting banned..).Every match, every effort will go a waste... This thing doesn't even have a support email working for them.. If you ask me, ban Tinder from being on play store! Absolute waste of time..not even privacy complaint for women.
It is what it is
I got banned for no reason!! I did nothing wrong!! 😡
2nothing
Uninstall and the instsll still wont let you log in......? Do something! !!!
So far it's been interesting, havnt met anyone in person but at least th he ppl are real. Havnt had an issue with bots
Got this app 2 days ago and it's already not working properly and is glitchy. It says i have "no one new near me" when i know that i definitely haven't swiped enough to have gone through all matches in my area. I tried broadening the distance to the max and age min to max to see if that would make any difference, and no change. I then tried to change the sex from male to female and then to both and that made no difference either. I also signed out as well as reinstalled the app with no success.
I just created my account and now i'm banned? Fckyou! Useless and pathetic app!!! 🖕🖕
Relationship is not only men looking woman or m4m or w4w. Couple also sometimes looking for extra guy or girl to build relationship and I hope you will add the option when couples looking for couple or one person Thank you
Great App
I am lovin it.
Sms verification doesn't work so locked out, poor support
Could get better without prostituted and hoes trying to get you to join webcams for your debit card
No matter how much i try and how many times i re install the app. It just won't log in consistantly. Please fix this bug.    Update 5/10/2016 still broken with the same problem.  Update 21/12/2017: new phone, and still no fix. How have you let this app be this broken for this long? Your company is a joke.
loda match
Super buggy app.. Needs a lot of work.. Highly disappointed
Absolute horrible. Can't even get into it. Saying I'm age restricted when I'm over the age limit of 18. Tried it multiple times and still got the same results
really good but quite expensive if you were to pay for tinda gold
Osm
pay walls everywhere
Works extremely well
Nok
This appears to be a   .  Way to meet someone.
The app isn't bad, but you need to organize it better, I have accidentally deleted up to 3 interesting conversations just by accidentally sliding the screen wrongly because my phone almost fell, now I cant get any of the match back. and this is happening to everyone I think, the last person I was talking to deleted our conversation by mistake and if I didnt send her a new message she would have lost connection with me it's very annoying and time wasting
It doesn't work. It just flashes the flame in and out quickly. It doesn't let me access ANYTHING in the app. It was working a few days ago so I gave it 3 stars. If it stays like this for longer than it's a 1 or 2 star. You had one job to make this app run smoothly and you can't.
Worst application do not use it fake people fake notifications. No matches found.
Nice
good
Awesom
good
It's ok ippa thaan try pannuren 18.12.2022
How is this discrete when you have to use face book to log in -deleting now-  not everyone cares about face book
For the past month or so tinder has been repeatedly showing me the same people, regardless of the direction I swipe. I'll even super like someone, just to have them pop back up in an hour. I bought tinder gold thinking it might somehow fix this, but that's apparently not the case and I'm wasting money here.
Excellent dating app
Happy
For such a simple app the lag really is aggressive. Currently messages are not opening, so you can't reply. Obviously I have a stable connection, or else I couldn't post this reviews. So it's obviously development issues.
Cheeky fun ;)
Awesome app
Always Logout Automatically.... Again and Again has to Log in and Pass the Verification of Being Human.. Disgusting..... This is a Dating App or a Investigation App. Lot of different Verification... Has to Pass through 4 Layers of Extreme Verification... Bad Tinder Team.... So Disappointing.
great app
Everytime I login it says I need to verify but when I do it keeps giving an error.....
Perfect
Always force report. Oops! Something went wrong. It is very bad. Why we have to sign in again and again?
often gets location wrong
nice not found match frinds
Good app for dating or hooking up. Wish they did away with limited likes and put ads in place
Amazing app
My identity has been jeopardised,,tinder should do more to avoid scammers, and fraudulent folks, to steal ur identity..!!
Starts lagging after few minutes of use, problem can be solved by pressig home button and opening Tinder again. What bothers me is after I leave my phone / dont use it for some time, Tinder just wont start. App is quite unstable, compared to its level.
OK so far
It's great for timepass
everything in purchase no match yet
good app ❤️
Great app
They banned me for no reason
Great way to meet friends and potential dates, but the app often has bugs and no way to screenshot/reoort them and zero customer support. Fantastic app, but horrible QA
For some reason, whenever I get matched up with someone and want to chat with them, the chat just keeps loading and loading, I can't even read their messages. is there any way to fix this? or is it the app's fault?
Please figure out how to filter the fake profiles because there's so much wasted time on my end filtering these and makes me not want to use this...
Es aiiight
Nice app, it's simple and fun.
As long as you can get banned for anything this app is a waste of time
Couldn't even get thru to with the making of my account bc there was some sort of bug so I couldn't even upload any of my photos from my gallery.
so good
Stops every 2 mins
Just never get matches haha
Judge it from it covers
Pretty good
Engaged now, so it worked.
Allows me to use one day then doesn't let me on for day's... very poor app
Find me lots of good friends here.
Please remove the scammers on this app.  It's really getting out of hand.  Can't find real people anymore
Useless
They will ban you for NOTHING, and their customer support is non-existent. No appeals, no explanation, nothing. Glad to see half the reviews are 1 star. I wonder why
Good app ,
Few reasons why I'm disappointed in this app. 1. Payed for super likes and won't let me use them. Payed for boost, won't let me use them. Alot of money spent on the upgrades. 2. Even though I payed for platinum seems like my profile still doesn't get seen. This app need some work. Don't recommend any purchases
Solid performance.
Wow
Its ok
Fab
Was banned, but did not indicate why i was banned. Im even a premium user lol.
Pretty good
Not working with the new update
Great site
Pretty awesome app. Just wish they would allow cellphone payment
Awesome
Good
You're doing a good job
i like it
Since last update (8.11.17) keeps crashing whenever I try to open someone's biography.
It sucks
Didn't expected this, there is some issue to update my profile. I'm a 
premium user and i mailed several times about this. But didn't get any 
reply from team, maybe i need to cancel my subscriptions... Or time to do so
Isn't the whole reason for swiping right is because they're attractive? Unfortunately, on my MyTouch I can't even see who I'm swiping, all I see is a white background and a gray outline; I have to go to my iTouch to see them.
Yay description
Very very very extremely poor support had my account blocked after i got hacked
Bad influence and illegal
It's just a waste of time if you don't want to pay
Moka
It's a good application
Just another useless gold digger site. No respect for your filters they push non matched people at you to get you to pay.
I can't able to pay with upi apps
Option to use bank transfer for upgrade will be better also
Very good!!!
Absolutely waste of time
It's brilliant can't fault any of it
Awesome app
Good
meh
sucks
It's really good😊and awesome app!! Everyone may use this...
great app
They should remove the Premium mode to do anything and that damages the experience of meeting people
Waste of time
great app
I got banned within 5 days for no reason! I'm genuinely not a mean person and in no way violated their guidelines. I tried contacting customer support multiple times and all they did was send the link to their terms of service and community guidelines which was no help. This company has awful customer service. I'm extremely dissapointed.
umm nice...
Cant log back into my account for some odd reason?
Nie zrobilam nic co naruszyloby regulamin (przeczytalam go kilka razy) a dostalam bana po 4dniach od ktorego nie moge sie odwolac
Limited likes. .. slow doesn't pick up everyone close. .. lame
Pretty straightforward, you swipe. Advertise yourself well and you'll match with people.
Over the last few weeks it's gotten to the point where at least 75 percent of the profiles I'm seeing are obviously bogus. Reported it to Tinder and suggested that they employ photo verification the way their main competitor has and was told to flag them and read their safety tips. Thanks for the help, Tinder — I guess I'll just use Bumble instead!  😊
Banned my account and they refuse to tell me why.
i tried to cancel tinder gold but it won't cancel , i followed all the instructions but its still not cancelling , can you please cancel it for me?
tinder sucks...they blocked my account of five years with Gold for no reason...tinder expensive for nothing..and lol surprise almost everyone there is there for hook up ..i give it a zero star
I cannot use it now because it cannot be launched.
crashes on sign up. constant issue
yeah
Seriously having trouble, message's not sending, can't alter location or miles, it's gone mad!!
10/10 great time and it's the best game
This is the second time my account gets banned and I have no idea why..I'm assuming some guy reported my profile bc he was mad that I wasn't interested. It's ridiculous that you're not told what term you violated. Do you guys even investigate this stuff??
Poop
Useless
App works well, is reliable. The People On the app, well, youre going to have to just take your chances! Which is true for All dating apps. Tinder is working to be safe & reliable & seems to be a comprable app to all the others
Not getting matched yet
Good platform for interaction !
Crashes on nearly every use, fails to load photos often, generally slow and unstable on Android.
App won't open matches profiles and keep showing the same people I've already swiped left on.
This app some how band me from using it once again and for what I don't know. This is the second time I am having this issue, but the 1st time I am leaving a review. It's not fair and annoying. I don't recommend using this app,.
Set everything up, logged on and loaded with no problem. Started going through the people it showed me and noticed two issues. First being that everyone seemed to miraculously live less than a mile from me...and none of them were even remotely close. Most were in other countries. So unless I have space warping powers, I fail to see how they live within a mile of me.
Used this app in the past. Now this time my account got banned and saying I violated terms blah blah blah. I never did anything inappropriate, had it for less than 3 hours. Looks like I'm not the only one this has happened to.
Dope
This app has alot of bugs, and is an attack on the LGBTQ+ Community, and the developers should be ashamed of themselves. If it's not free, it's not for us.
Nice app
Wont let me make a new account or anything keeps saying my account has been banned my other account got hacked
Terrible experience. Worst dating app out there
Best Social app
Think this service has been bare bones for the longest and needs an overhaul. It takes a very simplistic approach but it is severely flawed. The service mostly recommends people of a specific demographic always in the 'Our Top Picks' section. Makes it hard to recognize fake profiles. Overall, the app has a huge demographic problem for the longest and appears they unwilling to change it. Compared to other services, this is mediocre and has failed to improve over the years.
Only Works if you pay. dumbest thing on the internet to get any actual communication you have to pay money.
Cool
wont even let me create an account, uninstalled
Cool
Excellent App
It's definitely improved from the last time. still would be nice to send a message without matching once a day or something
Very good
Mean app
tinder is okay. i wish normal likes did something tho. it seems like i can only match with super likes otherwise i am practically invisible.
Good for meet new friends
the best App
not good
nice apps
How idiotic can an app get to constantly ask for gps location? This is the worst app I've encountered so far.
Very remarkable
1st off let me state that I very much enjoyed using the app however my issue is i have cancelled my plus subscription 2mnths ago and have been charged April and now may sub fees i have unsubscribed uninstalled and deactivated my acct yet am still being charged please fix this issue and refund my funds and I will give 5 stars for use of the app
Awesome
App keeps logging off
Pure rip off £79 for the first part payment totaling  £180 for what? Superlike !! SHOCKING AMOUNT OF MONEY FOR AN APP!!
Really good app
Perfect for my loneliness
First your app sucks because mostly bots are on here now a days. Also you banned my account for no reason?!?! What the hell. I guess I'll have to go check out Bumble or Hinge!!!😊😊
such an irresponsible cus service.i have written two mails and no response at all i being a tinder gold subscriber.also cheaters.until subscription matches will b pending.once subscribed matches disappear.i wud have given -10 star rating.no scope for customer care also.
Best way to meet new people.
Worts app, all about to this for only money when you use money then will get benefits otherwise nothing have to use this app worst app
Worst app ever
So many bugs. Google search "tinder isnt..." and watch all the suggestions that pop up. Never been this frustrated with anything. Randomely fails to update, matches dissappear, messages come hours late, all of a sudden there's no one to choose from, sends the same message multiple times...and soon they're gunna start charging monthly. I think I'll just start talking to people in real life. Or get zoosk
this app is awesome. It has boosted my confidence so much.
Terrible.. That's why I cancel
It's good to kill your time
You know what you're signing up for.
Nice but can't pay by visa card pl
No match found
good
Not bad
Large community.  Lots of people use it.
Well it is what one might call almost terrafiying through to magical ....
At least there is no limite to the number of people you can like
Crashes all the time
I would give it 5 stars, but in the last few days, I have had 13 "Secret Admirer" screens come up. I have randomly chosen 1 of 4 options and each time the same person pops up! My settings are for a 45 mile max, yet she is well over 1000 miles away. What is going on??? Please fix this.
"There was a problem logging into tinder.  Please try again later. "
The aap is in nt opening
Fun and easy
Better then meetme
nice app
Loads of fun especially if you are a voyeuristic! A great first, fun step to meeting someone.
None of my matches are showing up
Blank white screen
Fake accounts to make you pay $15 dollars a month. I encountered fake accounts that liked my photos, just so that made me pay the tinder app $15 dollars for the recurring monthly fee, and when I asked to stop the subscription, they didn't reply to my request. I had to call my back to block further withdrawals.
The app seems to use my GPS on "High battery use" a lot. Even when I'm not using the app. Do you really need to know exactly where I am all the time? Also Tinder uses the most battery on my phone, yet it's not my most used app.
More emoji and faster sending and receiving of messages would make tinder 
better
It would be great if the developer could add a few more age categories! Just because you are ok with 56 doesn't mean you want to see 70+ yr olds!
Nice
So more steps to view someone's profile? What kind of idiot company takes a step backwards?
great
The app keeps logging me out and I can not log back in. Tried force stopping, I uninstalled and reinstalled the app, turn my phone on then off. At one point it said I was logged in and I was not. Can't retrieve messages. Very unsatisfied.
Meetu is far better dating Application
Thanks a lot to this app that i got a really very good person. Thank you
Constantly force closes and signs out.
Great app easy to use.
Like it.  Met some great people.  Had some fun dates.  Made for a fun summer!
Still new. Looks good so far :)
If you got a big dick you're good, if not, you're still good.
Nice
How do u lower the difficulty ???
It's so glitchy now. Can't put up photos. Can't update my profile. This is trash.
Way too many bots
Nice app
Good 👍
lagd for å ekstrahere penger fra single menn
It does not let me ho global it always says something went wrong try again later!
I am using a galaxy s4 and it's telling me to login using Facebook but every time I click the link it says "there was a problem logging into tinder. Please try again." Please fix I would really like to use this app.
4star
Why won't my messages load now? Irritated with update
To many fake people. Would be nice to see if people who like you are still active and when they read your message to them!
There are no matches available ever & nobody matches or exchanged interest ever since day 1 of me activating the account. Its purely waste of time
Whatever you do, don't turn off your auto renew on your subscription until just before your subscription ends. I turned it off right after Tinder charged me, and instead of letting me finish the week that I paid for, they just took my subscription away completely but still charged me. The price for a subscription doubled when I went to go buy it again. It's absolutely ridiculous that it's impossible to get a refund because you can't talk to anyone. Tinder just leads you in circles. 😠
Why am i unable to see any texts coming. i mean the messages can't open, can't read them
I just find myself brouding when im bored or while passenger in the van etc. Iv told a few people to download the app because i tgink its quality :-)
Need fracking Facebook to use,
It is getting really annoying how by sliding accidentally you can reject a girl you think its cute and she won't ever come up again. Should fix that. Maybe allow review of rejected matches?
Can't even login without facebook? This needs too much info.
Had so much one night stands
Awesome
best app
Nice
So far so good. Seems to be a good way to meet new people.
nice
Tinder is broken. I only get matches when I restart my profile and I've have and used Tinder Gold, Superlike, boost and even SUPER BOOST! So far I have gotten 1 match using SUPER BOOST and I can guarantee you my profile isn't the worst nor am I the ugliest person on here. I get way more matches on bumble. Don't bother with this app.
Ok
Fake algorithm, easily to prove that whole thing is one big lie, also tinder is not interested about reporting fake profiles, crypto scammers, etc. you install it on your own risk, big fake app, riddled with scammers, prostitutes and fake women. tinder dont even adhere to own rules
Give 1 star after seing all the reviews and realized that those are truly happened
Nice app
Great! Very fast service guaranteed.
Just fantastic
good
Messages won't send on my brand new HTC one
Takes time to learn the in and outs of the app. However, once the experience is there. This a great and safe way to meet people
Been waiting two hours just for this app to install, yeah Tinder's real helpful.
Want to give it a bad review because no one matches me but that's probably just based on my looks so
have yet to hook up with an   yone
Rubbish app
No one ever replies and then account gets blocked for no reason.
Hey there tinder doesn't connect to my Facebook as always do. What is 
happening?
Needs fixing
Yes
hey I have three like but I can't review them plus I don't want gold tinder I just want to use the normal one.....Help out please
Hinge is just sooo much better. Tinder is all steroids and self-promotion.
Trash, got banned for nothing lol. I didnt even get any matches neither.
Sick
Fake profiles. Matches of girls who i havent seen
Best app connecting people
I have made connections with so many people.
Save Myanmar
Cant even sign in now. I pay for this what a joke! And when you do get to sign in some of the conversations have been lost. Needs sorting
Three weeks error in signing in...
Very Bad Experience With Tender Team, Actually By Mistake My Child Has Been Subscription Purchased When I Requested To Tinder They Told Me Contact To Google & I Have Contact Then Google Team Said Sorry We Can't Forward Your Process Contact To Developer So Plz Don't Subscribe & Don't Download Your Phone This App...
Scam. Likes disappeared when I bought tinder gold
IT'S REALLY NICE APP
SERIOUSLY this app was one of the best things i used to use years back but like right now i tried making a profile and it banned me for unfair reason saying that Your Tinder profile has been banned for activity that violates our Terms of Service first of what did i do just posted regular photos i didn't say anything offensive nor bad words so well it makes no sense
Not impressive
Great app! Met an amazing person on here. I'm deleting it now, only because of how successfully the app worked for me. 😁 Best of luck with it! I hope you find what you're looking for too!!!
my age on facebook is different from my actual age :(
Crashes on Note 5 after a few swipes.
It won't even let me sign up! Keeps saying it's unavailable and try again later whenever I try to create an account, continues to say that when I try again later... Piece of garbage app.
While the application works as well as you expect, Tinder uses some false advertising to tempt you into spending a bunch of money for a feature that keeps getting more expensive. The "likes you" feature is a part of the Tinder Gold subscription and to make you want to buy it, they falsely advertise with the amount of people that already "like you". My personal count went from 10 to 25+ and being skeptical with the lack of matches I've made, this is false advertising. Don't give them your money.
So so...
😍😍😍
??tell me I need help!!!
Not good
Hot or not by location. It is what it is. Does what its supposed to. Just faster and more convenient. PROSTITUTE GALORE!!!
Works pretty good, there are a lot of people who use this app so its not hard to find someone to talk to.
Horrible experince. Worst app. Disappointe. I bought Tinder Gold when they showed me 1 like received, suddenly after paying for tinder gold that like got disappeared. Its cheating totally.
Best application for meeting unknown person
Highly addictive XD
Execellent !
Ok
lot of fake people and profiles
Brilliant  a new way to complicate my life
I matched with a guy 2 years ago. Now he's the best thing ever happened to me.
Not bad
Will only let you log in through facebook but constant problems logging in
The best
Worst app out there. All fake profiles and instagram attention seeking children. Any other app is better then this. Avoid at all costs
I can't open the app on my phone. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling but still it won't work. Why is this? Do you have any alternative option to use this?
Wow I love ding ding dong
Lodu app
I'm on Samsung Galaxy s6. I can't log in!!! Tried reinstalling the app. Still not working. Help?
Required facebook app on phone... Couldn't post pictures
Nice
As a dating coach that has students all over the world. Tinder is a great tool to have to 10x your dating life 👍-Ricky Royal
I've only been using this app for 4 days and it's forever having issues. I just can't log in most of the time. Incredibly irritating.
My boyfriend cheated on me with this app!!
Honestly finding profiles in your area is easy and ive had a few matches but the problem is that if someone chose my profile as a like i have to purchase the gold to know who it is and like them back. Because of that it makes it so hard to actually match with someone. It would be nice if they could make that part free. I mean getting matches is what this is about.
The new update is horrible! The only good thing about it is the fact that you can see what the other person do in there life. But taking out moments and last time online is taking away everything that makes the app good.
Okay
Good
never get a match after buying primium also don't get a single match ..so annoying
battery drain bug fixed... and where the hell is the undo option?
Good
Great app to use. I am big on  letting new people and this app made it possible. Thanks guys
Not to find a match
I have been banned for no reason at all I followed all the rules and did as told to do so and I have been banned. If I could give this app a lower rating trust me I would. Horrible app.
Not all users....have a FB account.
very worst app they sends us automatic fake messages
It's great
Money scam
Haven't met anyone yet but I believe soon I will bcz this app is giving me some hopes
Its awesome
Unfortunately this app is causing extremely buggy. Random log outs, freezing on startup, matches disappear and come back, new message highlights get stuck on. And the "what are you up for" feature keeps coming and going from update to update.
Goood
The app is useless, created a new account and within seconds was banned for breaking the terms and conditions when i didnt even have the profile set up properly. Was given no reason through support so dont waste your time with this platform as they only want your money.
One day, I got banned out of the blue. I know FOR sure that I've NEVER broken any of their community guidelines! I never send inappropriate messages, photos, etc. Contacted the customer service and had an absolutely miserable experience there. The least the app developers could was to mention what I've done wrong and, send a warning first. But no, let's just ban the user forever!
it's ok. nobody likes me
good app
I want to meet people
Ok
Just opened the app after a few days away to a message about asian hate blah blah blah... Not supporting a country's dictatorship or another's communist regime doesn't mean I hate the people of said countries. I don't think it's tinder's place to get involved in politics.
DICK
Couldn't log in.
I've used the app a while ago, but on my new device I keep getting a login error.
Less Preferred Likes
Great
my name is Esther from kenya. wahomeesther13at gmail dot com and i have been in tinder for 3 yrs.its a good site but i have never anyone serious there who has the goal as mine which is getting married.
After an update doesn't let to access messages .
Best
Fvccc this cancer app, one of the worst inventions of humanity.
I hate that the app has to be uninstalled a lot in order to get messages to come through. Other than that it's fine.
will give 5 star if you put filter for religion or race
Good site
Fun when it works but it's usually impossible to log in.
it's good
Need Facebook to use? Thanks for stating that in the description. I want my data back. Uninstalled.
its totally awesome i get to meet new people
No one replies on here. I think you should make a weekly or month check in thing. get some of these unactive accounts off of here
always stuck why
Keeps asking me to verify my account even if I already did
Stay away from this app. Tinder blocks you from getting profiles too view unless you are a premium member. Tinder blocks all your matches unless you are a premium member. Avoid.
An unsafe app worthy of the firing squad in the Frozen tundra of Siberia.
Cool
Great app!
Nice
osam app but cost is high
I'm legit 18 years old, but it's saying "age restricted" so I'll try another app.
Can't give it a good review until I've actually tried it. It's been saying "Finding people near you" for the past day and a half now..
Am not able to send a text...
I think this has so much potential to be so much more. I am surprised 
Tinder team does not maximise dating. There should definitely be a video 
option. Etc. A lot of people we match doesn't say much and there is a way 
to streamline this. Tinder could be so much more. But I think it lacks 
functions
Useless app no macth
Used to be awesome....  But now the app will not work..  I have read all the suggestions from the dev team...  But it will not work no matter what I do.  I have removed and Re added my Fb account...  Made sure everything is up to date...  And gps is on...  But it will not log in any more.  I used to be fine until I had to Uninstaller the app and reinstall...
It keeps crashing and not working
too many nasty hoes or fake girls trying to sell their premium. recommend going out and meeting people in person
Good for doing what its supposed to do. JUDGE 😇
I've turned "global" off yet still get people that are thousands of miles away! That's not helpful! Also, why are my "top picks" nowhere near me?! They're all at least 40miles away!! 😡
thank u for this
I'm in Bali can not login, because your not sending a code ?
It works
Dope
Help please I don't hate it but I won't send a verification code to my phone!!!
Tinder has surpassed every dating serives that I have tried. It's easy to start and it's free. Wow! Me and my friends have had a lot of success using tinder. It's has changed my life. Thanks tinder for such a great opportunity.
Good app
I installed Tinder to meet women but all I met was Thots.
Best mobile game I have ever played.  I chose the female character and I got hours of fun messaging.
Good , it's better if you give search bar
This app is awful, you think youve sent a message..."message sent" pops up, to then find out it hasnt sent, and keeps asking for my facebook login
Why limit the likes?
meh, lots of thots and bots
Pretty good time killer, sometimes glitchy
Wow
I can't even create an account because the app won't send me the text message.  Something is wrong with this app right now.
Used a few times. Then several months later logged on to see that my account was banned for no reason. I didn't make any threats or do anything. Only a picture of my face and dog. Now I can't even open the app on my phone.
would recommend
Too slow
Very nice
9/10 people that are a mutual match are bots. All of them say the same exact thing.
It's a good app.. But it keeps closing and doesn't respond most of the time
Fantastic app to know people from all walks of life :)
no way i am gone to give money for swipe
Was working great, but all of the sudden, it just won't open on my galaxy s8.
I know I have likes but my matches are extremely spread out I barely get a match it's annoying
Amazing
This app is devious as hell. If you subscribe, it doesn't show up in your subscriptions in Google Play. And, it doesn't have a cancel subscription feature in their app. This app is devious as hell. Don't even bother with it.
Awesome app
👌
Not much profile and no option to message
Izz nicce
pay pay pay pay pay and pay,why this app must buy everything?so shame
Won't let me log in
I got banned error code 40303, which is bs because I mainly matched with annoying bot profiles..they are everywhere! I know I didn't break any rules so this ban is completely unfair.
After the update it crashes constantly
You can't make an account, you have to log in with Facebook, I don't want Facebook so this made the app unusable.
a whole lot of looking but no talking. waste of time
What happened I can't enter,  I'm using my FB account.. login problems.. It's been a while.
funny game, but finally found an amazing person and some hookups
Do not like the new update. It now is more of a either swipe left or right you have to click a special button to view profile instead of just touching the pic.
They pay lock the useful aspects of the app and disrespect my sexual orientation as I am still being seen by homosexuals.... Why is it tinder that they see me, and I don't need them too? I think their attempts to cash in are getting worse.
This aap is no dating
Good
since the latest update you can no longer login via the app. Don t think anyone really talks to each other on here anyway.
I had the app for the past three months and I cannot meet no one there is 
only pictures up there no one is there to chat and you have to paid this is 
rass foolishness please don't downlond
Still waiting for love they are not serious especially for transgender woman 😔😪😪😪
banned for nada
Amazing app except you should give free users a little bit more option like liking who likes them back at least twice
Aplikasi ga bagus
Can't find others nearby for me to swipe left on, even if they're on the same wifi as me.
not worth it at all all the chicks there have high standards or they are stupid af
I paid a subscription and within 2 days the app was crashing, refusing to load, insisting I had to login via fb and even then, not working. I'm furious that I have paid for something that doesn't work. DON'T BOTHER.
Probably The buggiest mainstream app on playstore
I wait forever for this to load and it never does. Makes my phone freeze and restart.
I just used the app this morning and now that I tried to log back in, it stated that I am banned from the app without violating any rules. Lost lots of good chats. Poor app
Good one
So many fake accounts omg im tired of swiping left lol
Rubush. For evriting need spend mony
Great connections made.
It works
in iran we cant login,,,, this app dont have +98 for input number 💔😑
Small chance you get what you want. Unless you want a one night stand.
Horrible just fake scammers wrong data by tinder . Miles away someone is ..is always wrong . Scammers
It's annoying. It says Error logging in 95% of the time
Crashes at times
its a very good .....
You can't make an account without Facebook
Awesome!
Great app
nice
nice
No one actually uses the app all profiles just say "never on here so pm me on Instagram"
Nice nice nice
The amount of bug-related problems I have with this app are staggering and extremely frustrating. The service is fine, but not when the app won't let you log in. Please fix the code, we know you have the money!
So good
I've met the love of my life 7 times on this app. I highly recommend it
Very good app
Interesting, addictive app. Seems like a bit of fun
If I say I got 500 yards of range and I bullet for owner of tinder will that get people treaded fairly on here? I've been with plenty 8s in my life but on this app it seems my profile is never shown or it's only shown with ugliest and heaviest women that don't even know what gender they are... seems like they know men don't want that especially me since I'm extremely active all my hobbies are infact and I'd like someone who looks like they cab make it up a flight of steps at least
cool
Do paying users get preference in getting their profiles in front of other users? Nothing wrong but if so you just have to be upfront with it.
it nice
It's a fun app
I cannot log in
It won't even send me the verification message to my phone.
Love this app...easy to use
nice
To good 😄 I am so happy 😁😊
Got some STI's but worth
🙃🙃🙃
Horrible dating app.
I f w tinder
Not a bad app I just hate the freaking bots on here. Once they can fix it so there is no bots I will give them more stars.
I don't go on Facebook really so all pictures are out of date, and I can't get any from my mobile, I will be deleting this app now
Good
give more match
I was using the app a moment ago then i suddenly can't log in!!! I just subscribed to tinder plus and cant use the app!
The app is just fantastic
Brilliant! !
Cool but it crashes quite a bit and the same people show up multiple times is all
Review is against the company, not the app. After I was shown an ad asking me to support abortion, I deleted my profile and the app. Tinder supports murder. They'll never get revenue from me again unless they renounce that position.
Wiw
This app just wansts your money...avoid it all cost.
Love it
Dating in the modern era; quick superficial and mostly disengenuine.
Black, really?
Money got deducted but Tinder plus subscription is still not visible in the account
komplette Frechheit diese App. Die Verifikation wird anscheinend einfach grundlos entzogen und es ist nicht möglich diese erneut zu bekommen. Der Support ist komplett nutzlos und die inkompetenten Mitarbeiter helfen überhaupt nicht. Alles in allem würde ich gerne 0 Sterne geben und kann nur sagen, dass ich jedem von dieser App abraten kann, da sie ein ziemlicher Scam ist!
Its just keeps searching but nothing comes up...ive reinstalled a few times and it does the same thing.
Yep
Keep trying to create account, fails repeatedly. Waste of time downloading it
Most fun app on the market
Sexo
Nice
This app is f*ucking worthless, it crashes constantly and lags terribly
Still unable to change or add profile pictures and every update causes me to lose my matches
Dosen't let you verify. Smh
alright, what the hell. i literally did nothing in my account. nothing. and 
you banned me for no reason? i contacted the devs. i deserve an actual 
reason for this. i have close friends there. until then, i'll leave it one 
star. at least unban my account.
Good it is
Bapu
So good
Great idea and decent interface. Could be used for purposes other than dating, and that's the only negative, which for the uninitiated, is another positive. Download, have fun.
Its ok
Bland Boring Worth it only for those who are hot af
Love it
It will not let me log in
The most scammy app in the world, when you but tinder gold they will ban you for no reason an keep the money for them, go for the other apps happen, badoo,....
best time killer and time wasting app ever created. im sure in some states it works great, but here in minnesota woman want perfection in the looks and Ron Jeremy in the pants
Not much going on. Keeps giving me people of other countries, but i guess thats because it was developed in the USA
App wont load keeps saying oops wen on 4g
Lost all matches
Keeps crashing
Didn't work
Doesn't load matches
What d hell... same match keeps coming back even though i sometimes swipe right or left and uses up my faily like quota.. bloody capitalists
awesome
If it wasn't for this app, I'd still be a virgin, 5 STARS
Look girls and boys. Tinder = hook up app!  Why the 20,000 girls with "not looking for a hookup" are you serious?  What the hell are you doing here then! Lmfao!!!!
I'm unable to like more than 1 person or group per day, I try to like more but it just tells me I'm out of likes and to wait 12 hours
Tinder is love ❤️❤️❤️
Apps not bad, just not a virtual person.
Can't even see who likes you without paying.
Poor
nice
Nyc app loving it..
Gandu application h
Best of best
Terrible application
Nice app for making new friends
I keep getting the same vague error message after I hit the "sign in with Facebook" button... All it says is "there was a problem loggicng in to Tinder. Please try again." I tried again after uninstalling and whatnot--still nothing. Not sure how to fix it but I would love to actually try the app out.    I will update my rating once/if it's fixed.  Edit: a week later still no solution.  Edit2: almost a month later; I've literally tried all suggestions from the developer--still nothing. Edit3: still broken
Plz gave a matches..
If you get banned and you won't know the reason you can't dispute it with Tinder. So anyone can report your profile because they are jaded or upset with you. Tinder has no appeals. So basically they are judge jury and execution. Do not spend any money on this app whatsoever. Terrible customer service as well.
Absolute rip off and waste of time. 90% bots and scammers. Set to match with people within 20km then starts matching me with girls in China!? Much better apps and sites out there and if you do accidentally breach the rules they give you a chance to fix it instead of perma banning your number/email.
messages look like they've sent but they haven't, it's a con
Broken app nice job guys
Not able to purchase tinder plus through Google pay
Its ok
Cant login on tinder even in ios i cant even use this app. Whats happening ?
too expensive
I love this app. I've met soooooo many dudes on it.
I am not able to buy tinder plus through my mastercard why
It was good till now....but last 2 days it's not delivering messages or showing me message and in the like option it's always showing "loading"...
Nice meeting app
super
Bs
Super
I've actually met a lot of cool people from this app.
Money grabbing bull.. just want you to pay for premium and then to top it off they send notifications saying you got a match or a message when you haven't just to make you go on the app!!
A "what are you looking for" function would be great so you can weed out the good from the bad
Very bad because everyone is fake
nice..
The app has so many problems need to get solve
Very nice
good
Recently i updated the app and it stopped working.. Whenever i open it i get a white screen and then the app crashes.. Only when i uninstall it and install it back again it works on time and as soon as i close the app and open it again i get the white screen.. Can you guys fix this for me?
Pretty cool. Good way to meet people.
This app does one thing better than matching you with someone else.
Your app constantly crashes every few minutes......please fix this
Good app
tinder gold is garbage, men DO NOT SPEND THE MONEY! its all fake profiles and bs!
All photo come my tinder
Can't log in
No usefull
Fake profiles and now adds too waste of bloody money dont bother with this app its useless convinced its a scam app now
Nice app
Loving it
Login only with Facebook... Sucks
Cool
Amazing app
No
Very few on here looking for something other than a hookup.
I reinstalled the app on a whim recently and opened it up for the first time, to be greeted by a screen telling me I've been banned. I haven't used or had the app installed for MONTHS. how can I be banned if I haven't used the service???
I had to uninstall it
If you can get lucky enough not to get a bot, spam, or webcam invite. It may be worth it.. but right now. Chances are better elsewhere.. just so many bots and very disappointed. Will be uninstalling soon :(
My experience is a bunch of people just looking for attention and or internet chat buddies. Oh well lol
App won't even load!!! :(
Literally so many bots on here I'm ready to make a TikTok and start up a web3 dating app myself if this is the competition 🤣
Always have problems get on to this app as it won't log on. Try uninstall it many time still won't let me in. I have try it on 3 different phone now still same problems
Login issues
👍👍
Good job 👍
This is very worst app do not download this app
Since the new update can no longer expand/view a profile to view their bio and other info before swiping. Only if I match with someone can I view their profile. Please fix this ASAP.
great app
Not getting much like and there is some issues in your system .
Not good in india
You already know
Totally fun concept. Kudos to developers.
My only and very annoying issue is messages written while offline just disappear. Please, make messages written offline to be delivered when getting back online.
Bay to talk
Great App
This is 2014, not everyone has a Facebook. There should be a way to use this app without Facebook login. I don't have a Facebook. Why not Google+ and Twitter? Possibly a create an account with verification email like every other app!
I need to cancel my subscription
YOUR APP DOESN'T EVEN WORK!! TRIED WITH SO MANY DIFFERENT PHONES AND ACCOUNTS AND STILL CAN NOT EVEN LOG IN. USELESS.
Cool
Bring tinder social back &gt;:(
It's an amazing app found my soul mate here
Never even used tinder before, and for some reason im blocked from my tinder account i dont ever remember making due to terms of service...
Nyc But Not Got A Partner yet.😢😢
Absolutely rubbish app. My ex gf reported me as a joke and now I'm banned for life. Never violated any terms or conditions. Was nothing but polite. I can understand that lots of people probably do violate the policy but punishing people for not doing anything wrong is pretty rubbish.
I found my wife
Coo beans
Nice app
This is one of those apps with a very annoying nag screen trying to get you to rate it. Well here's your rating - two stars.
The app is great! The only issue is disconnection every now and again, but that could be because my phone is crap.
YOSO is awful
It's kinda nice
nice this site
nan
Ok
None of any use
Good app
The app is broken, no matches after opening all my searches. I paid for a subscription and the app is useless... no stars
It loggin me out when I try used it and I don't know why... :/
What up Weth thes app keeps log me in and out all the time and stops on me to
I met an amazing local guy on tinder and now I no longer need the app. I would definitely recommend it to a friend!
There are a lot of bots and scammers, app doesn't function as expected sometimes and it sometimes notify me on new matches/likes/messages when nothing actually happened.
bestest ever matching app😘
Good
Good when you're drunk
Good
well thought
Fraud app. Mat krna download.
1[ qax.xnhh,
Need an opps button !
Waste of time..all fake profiles
I really like this app but logging me out is what I don't understand 😩
Tiptop
It used to work fairly well (apart from the occasional glitch). But for the past couple of months it's been unusable. It only actually loaded 2 out of 5 times so i deleted the app and started again. Now I can't log in or recover my account. I've tried multiple ways (FB, email, number) and each one fails.
It's claims my account has been banned and I don't know why I barely use it
Without any reason my id is banned
Can't log in to my account
Do not take any plane of this app, money is wasted:
Interesting, very interesting! ;)
It works
What's the point of using this if you can only use it when you have available wi-fi? If it's going to be that way, make a PC app.
Awesome app enjoy it alot
No matches are there
I got banned from this for doing nothing at all. The team that controls the app waits for you to buy something then bans you with no explanation. Worst scam of an app period. Dont waste your time. Plenty of bots on the app from what i could see as well.
Look this is a hook up app. Whether you admit it or not. So ladies, stop being so uptight. Please
It just stopped working after it kept logging me out a few times
Not bad ,a few loons but like it,
Bots everywhere.
Worse app
IS GOOD AMAZING APP. I LIKE IT .
can't see any matches unless you pay
I gived 1 year money I can't open..Just a joke don't install mate
This app is broke
I'm aloving, good heart and beautiful 🥰 woman and ineed a handsome man with respect and love
Nice app.
Obvious problems like getting 9 matches at once which were swiped yesterday (inside app, no notifications, consecutively). Have icon of 25+ potential matches of which not even one showed in last 3 days. Uploaded a loop which worked for one day and after that whole feature got disabled.
Can't complain
Not bad, but too many fake accounts and not enough people in my area around my age that I would potentially pursue
Keeps logging me out everytime. I need to readjust the settings every single time logging in. Please fix this issue. Been occuring for a few years already.
nan
Bullshit
happy
meh
Badiay
Not fun any more, too expensive for the upgrade!
Great
Good
After I installed the new update for my nexus 5 the tinder app opens then closes right away. Location is on and I have ample space. Wtf
Less number of matching and also no responce for sms
Let us see who liked us
I need a serious relationship
Gr8 dating app. !
Радмир посоветовал
Good
Awesome
It makes people fool. You will not get any single match. I have swiped more than 3k but still didn't got any single match. It's a totally fake.
Not well
Guys stop using and paying for this app .. let it get shut down 🫡 stop giving these "Rich Men" your money .. get Red Pilled ... Be a man with some self-respect 🙏 save your money get a passport and get out of the UK/US ... Leave these women to the men that they want but can't have 👀🤣
Very good
Nice app for match making... Seen lots of couples matched with the help of tinder... But in my case i m still single🙂 In a search of perfect match
The app trying to sell boost is annoying!
Playing with matches...
So far seems to work...
This app is so easy to communicate with like-minded people. I've had great success with it so far and have met a few people that I seem to connect with one in particular that I'll be seeing very soon. Thank you Tinder
Updated the app and now when I try to open it, it always exits and stops. I have a Samsung Galaxy Tab 3. Please fix asap.
Like it
Super buggy, it works... Kinda
I met my boyfriend a little over a year ago on Tinder. He is my world and I would have never met him if it wasn't for this app. I know it sounds silly but thank you, Tinder!
No problems with bugs so far btu what's all this limited swipe business  about though? A bit of a rubbish feature so I'll have to fork out cash to swipe again? Shag off, I'll hang fire!
Awesome Application
You offer too little for the casual user. The inability to message one you 
like is frustrating. Allowing it, and giving the recipient the choice makes 
the site much more attractive.
Spammers are easy to spot, just report them
Update from 3/28/17 - 01/11/19 Problems: Log in, updating profile, searching for people, listening to their anthems, and boost every month is a lie even if purchased. It glitches. Tells you have a new message but you don't. Doesn't notify you on anything but it's promotions.
Talking to strangers with no stress. Find out who likes the sight of you with no face to face rejection. Sadly, some people don't write about themselves so you're left with only a picture or five.
Emailed customer service a query last month. Advised it would be sent to supervisor. Have received no reply. E-mail every second day asking for updates & receive no response.
Love it
Really enjoy meeting new people over Chardonnay in town. My only concern is that my pockets are nearly empty by the time I start swiping again 😂😂😂
I like boobs
To many bots
it lags in my oppo f1s
Tinder is not letting me cancel my Gold subscription. I tried it on a dare from a friend and now I can stop being billed! Never have I seen such unscrupulous business practices! I suggest you run as far from Tinder as you can! It's easy to get a Gold or Platinum subscription but very difficult to cancel. I can't believe this is legal!
It keeps crashing
I love tinder It's ok for that is the standard so that they have income so that's they can improve more.of there service no problem for me
Adobe
I got barn for nothing can't even creat a new account,I have read everyone complain being barn for nothing and the most annoying part is that they don't even respond to complain at all or tell us why we are been barn for nothing no even warning the worse dating app ever
Very bad experience and it rarely connects and always trying to ask for upgrading to plantinum.
Plice free vpn
I was skeptic that tinder was only used for hookups. However I've had it for a couple of days now and have met the most interesting people that I never would have met without the app.
Major bug that needs to be fixed! Get the match notice, open it then after clicking out of their profile they fall off my match list!  What's that about Tinder??  I tried closing & opening my profile but they still weren't there
Awesome
So easy to use..
App continues to crash when I try to open profile information even after a recent update. I would not recommend this app until the issue is resolved.
what Effin joke low self esteemed individuals getting likes to boost their ego no one is actually on here to connect f@#k or date just liars scammers and fakes
Idiot rat :/
too many spammers
great
you should make it to where we can chose what gender we're looking for. im not into guys but cant change it on there
After i filled in my birthday it wouldn't let me continue so i could never even get a chance to try it
Bad
Dear Tinder, It is not ok to revoke the premium feature a fortnight before my subscription expiration date! This is a violation of trust and agreement. Hopefully you have the courage to tell this upfront instead of resorting to such tactics. Thanks
Gud app
Like it
Nice
Excellent
Bagus sih tapi mahal.
gud
Ok,  but doesn't lead to meeting people that much
Namoro a quase um ano com uma garota incrível, que conheci no tinder
Too expensive to subscribe, and app doesn't match if you don't subscribe!
Download it when u want to kill uh precious time
Reply
Amazingly unique
Great app
Stop showing boost your profile and super like tag every other minute please. I'll do when i feel like doing it.
hi I'm single no kids let's meet
waste of time. no one meet on this app, please prefer another dating app.
It was good until I couldn't see pictures anymore. Is there a way I could fix that?
Super
never found a single person in a city full of users, new account, all settings exactly the same as another person sitting next to me, who sees plenty of people in the area. only difference is last tinder update. not a good experience.
It's not working, either way
After I turned 18 to get this app, I had to get a new phone because the mf app still thought I was underage. When using the app, it's full of bots and catfish's
Good
NOTHING HAPPENS BRO.... MONEY DIG app
So good! I'm getting laid by a different chick each week!  Tinder made me into a player!
Reported few times already..but nothing has been done !!!!!!!!
I love it
Its a worst app.i have subscribed to tinder gold .but it only gives limited swipes and do not show any person who like me.plz do not subscibe to this app.
Tinder SUCKS...no one communicate on it. I have 67 matches but only 2 replied back for about a day or two. What's the point of matching with someone if you're no going to talk.
Funking useless every time begging for money to pay to see who liked u n all....
A very direct dating app. Many awesome features without buying anything :).
i get a stupid "oops there was a rpoblem logging in" message every time i try to use tinder.
the app is broken, same swipes on infinite loop
Decent app
I liked it... ❤️
no words to describe
Pretty good
Message screen lags
Fun to use. But if you're not paying for it, you'll rack up likes like there is no tomorrow. But you won't be able to see who it is. But as soon as you pay for it, it's like they completely stop showing your profile. You'll go from 10 likes a week to maybe one lol. Kind of a con.
💛
They trademarked Swipe Right (TM) and then made swiping right switch to settings. Idiots. Also no way to filter results so enjoy having to swipe left on every smoker. Because filters make too much sense for this hell app.
It's a great way to judge people based off selfies. Something I've discovered from this app is that girls want nothing more than an adventure.... And to not talk to you after you've matched
Love u
I'm pretty sure this app is why they invented the internet, amirite?
Funny .
Kullanım koşullarını veya topluluk kurallarını ihlal etmediğim halde profilim engellendi. Yeni hesap açamıyorum. Ne yaptığımı öğrenmek için mail atıyorum ama bir şey söylenmiyor. "Görünüşe göre kullanım koşullarımızı ihlal ettiniz bu yüzden profiliniz yasaklandı" deniyor. Sağolun ben göremiyorum zaten engellendiğimi. Somut bir delil sunmuyorlar.
How do I send a message to someone?
After the most recent update, I'm unable to see who's matched me. Please fix!
I banged quite a few girls off here very nice app for college chicks !!!! Go tinder
Great
Seriously tinder sort out the bloody spambots. 6 in a row ffs
It doesn't show you people that are close by.
HONESTLY...I used this app for more than a year but in my opinion most of the girls using it have some issues: bad ex experience, lack of trust, eager for attention or just want to advertise instagram profile. I dated a lot of girls but I do not think that one can find a meaningful relationship from tinder. Also app changes a lot you need to pay to play and you are starting to feel like an experiment.
Brazzy
Selected the distance radius but still showing people from much further away. The app should have an option to be locked either on KM or Miles & not dependant on the phone's settings. Some double swiping issues too. 1 swipe can jump 2 profiles at times.
It won't let me log in
Great
Seems tailored to women
best experience ever
Don't install is useless
Nice
Waste of time and money
I'm starting to dislike this app. I only installed the app last night, it was working fine until I tried using it again this morning and now it won't log me in at all. It just loads then tells me to log in again and again. Not even had the app for a day and it's already not working. I would appreciate it if this can get sorted otherwise I'm deleting the app and not using it again.
Unable to send messages. No customer service.
Its cool apps@@@@@yo yo
Tinder is a great app. My one problem is that every time I log on my 
inadequacies show. Are you planing on fixing this in future versions?
Great App
Takes forever to load new people & errors too often!
This app shows you when someone swipes on you, and ive had 7+ people swipe on me since the first day i started, I've swiped on atleast 500 profiles since then and not one of them was a match, when there are clearly people who want to match with me. Without telling you, tinder wants you to pay to see the people who swiped on you. Now i'd be fine with that if they just said that before you started searching for matches, but no, tinder is run by shady manipulative people.
It works. No add. I think some dead accounts. No adds. Does the job
They cancelled my account for absolutely no reason and refuse to help me get it back 0/0
Don't know yet but I'll check on it
Lots of bots. Very few real people. The app has issues with logging you out and making you log back in repeatedly. Then one day they just ban you for no reason (instead of the bots).
Sends fake notification 'Somebody likes you. Open tinder to see who'. When i open, i don't see any like.
Cool App
Good way to pass time and eye candy.
Can't use emoticons like on iphone. Can't change picture, has problems updating ny parameters. Says I've viewed everyone in a 50 mike radius after 2 swipes.
Can no longer open profiles to view bios. Tried deleting and reinstalling app hoping they'd fix the glitch by now but it still didn't help.
It's great
Lmao I feel like u should look for a match in the reviews section over here🗿
Love it
Best app for dating
Literally bangin
Nice
App keeps crashing when I try to message a match
My matches aren't loading. I installed the app many times, even with an old apk . Also Spotify connection does not work.
This app is active & alive. Unlike other dating apps, this one actually has people who respond & text.
they just show you the same 100 people over and over. swipe left? right? doesn't matter they'll be back around before too long.
Worst apps ever used
Terrible full of fake people trying to you by to excuse other Web site and always crashing or need to log in every time u open the app great idea but epic fail on fake profiles and the fact it needs so much processing speed
Cant cancel it at all.
Never get any decent meets off here,and start seeing a decent girl
Met the love of my life here
No free message until money paid . Unsatisfied app. Can't even see message neither can send.
Great
Got on it once, always malfunctioning. + They are money grabbers
not useful
It's OK. I haven't found the right one but I'm not giving up.
I subscribed for a monthly membership, the amount got debited but service wasn't availed... No scope of getting help from the developers... Atleast keep options for refund or give people the service they paid for.
nan
Deletes matches, can't report spam account, duplicate accounts, no likes counter, no people search engine... It's the hunger games, basically.
It works great when it actually feels like working, but I typically can't swipe more than 10 people before the app crashes on me. It's pretty bad.
Worthless application. Please don't download this app guys no matter how hard you try you will never get matches. My account got banned and after reinstalIing the app I tried with different number bt still its banned. What's this ?
Nice app
cool and awesome app
Ever since the last update, I have not been able to receive any messages. I will change my rating if this gets fixed but I am really unhappy with this app right now. And now, 90% of the time, I'm swiping through spam accounts.
great app
Why don't you add a login without Facebook, i don't use Facebook coz of that i can't login in this
Mostly hoes, lots of cashapps in bios, made my profile a literal potato 🥔 to mess with them and got banned 😂. But yeah literally any other app has more respectable people.
Good distraction
Beautiful.
Love it ❤👍
I can't use it after i updated it to the newest version, keep saying that i need to turn on my gps even though i turned it on already
is k
lots of fake profiles
No use + waste of money 😔
Poor
paid for gold. Get ads after every ten swipes. Even though I turned ads off after upgrading. Keep getting women who seem like they are bar flies. Bad app. Disputing outrageous price with google and visa. Suggest all unhappy gold members do the same.
Nice
excellent
Actually seemed to work surprisingly, would recommend highly if your single to try this out.
I think we should be able to text without spending money. Just saying
free
cool apps
Love it
Why does this app isn't working? . Pls help me
Can't even add my photos. Very noob app development team.
Never worked for me
Useless
soon.
I can't login to my account again... Keeps telling me something went wrong
It's very easy to use and interesting
This application its cool because i met many amazing people
i am not understanding this app please refund ...
Fantastic Apps
Crashes, doesn't load
Terrible
Deleting app and account due to their new personal data information mining. I Will Not Comply with them taking my personal information and Selling it to third parties. Also, there are too many Boys in my area. There are too many other sites out there to put up with these Personal Violations.
Nice
Good
Absolutely will not let me.login without WiFi. Won't login half the time! Did not have this problem with my iPhone. Running a note 3 now! Uninstalling unitil this is fixed.
Not great.
Worst app it always Ask money don't install it
work better after payment
loved it when it was free it actually worked and met women here
Like the app overall, but after five minutes if swiping I encounter a problem where pictures will simply not appear, and will often have to resort to restarting the app. Not to mention the unexpected force these bugs simply make the app unusable.
Dope!
Very bad exp after payment no more match. And number of profiles showing also very less
This app is a waste of time and money. I litterally got platnum just to see what its about. And after months i have gotten not a single match. Was on tinder for a while before that and never got anything never made a single connection or ever received any likes.
Nice
Got played so many times on here and the message bored sucks
Complete rip off. The amout of money it cost for 5 messages a week is absolutely garbage. You people at tinder should be ashamed of yourself. DO NOT PAY FOR THIS APP.
This app was working fine on my Android 5.0  till it updated - now it won't load any matches at all! Tried everything, logging out / clearing data & even uninstalling and re-installing but nothing works. I have now missed out on a potentially very promising match due to I can't contact them!. I would have rated this 4 stars at least before the update - why don't you just leave things alone when they are working!
STOP SUGGESTING SUPER LIKES. ya end up using them on people you've got no interest in. It's annoying as hell.
one time
I can't sign in on my account. Thou I have good internet connection. Please fix this.
Even though this is my first time on any sites!
nan
It's great I just need less stuck up woman on here.
The majority of the contacts I've made is for nothing but promoting their personal Web pages. Screw it.
Great
Why aren't my new matches loading? Wtf
Rubbish. Always has faults, despite doing every trouble shooting method still have an error message. Oops try again. Only happens on cellular data. Wi-Fi is fine.
Got a few bugs to work out but overall it works
lots of inappropriate people
😎
Great
I uninstalled it. I liked the originally tinder. It was basic and easy.
Nice
My matches are on constant 'loading' and have been for a week. Zero 
customer service help and no update information to help fix the problem.
need more access to likes a bit
It's very funny and useful app. You can make a lot of friends out there!
No buddyyy replying.. Boring
The app has many issues, always something wrong, i can't not see my matches
😉
It's a black hole
Always wanted to try this, but too bad you can only have one if you have Facebook :/
They got greedy and turned it into a freemium service. Positive actions could cost money if you use the app a lot.
It's awesome.
Best of the very best.
Healing process of the lonelyness
I can't get matches tab to load.  Tried uninstalling, logging out, and even deleting account (lost all my matches), and nothing works.
You have to buy it to see you who u match with, stupid app
Horrible app I would not recommend very dangerous and bias
Might be ok to use if I like many others could actually login to my account.
Uses more data than Skype. This is insane for a messaging app. 10mb in 5 min of logging in...
terrible
So tinder got this thing now where you can only see 2 pics of each persons profile unless you pay to see all of them. Its hard enough to try to match with someone to send them a message but this is enough for me. Im done.
this thing sucks it used to give you a couple of girls but now it don't years ago
Got blocked for no readon and wasn't given an explanation why
a lot should be available for free and isn't
Es desagradable activar un boost y que se desactive así de la nada, y no hacen reembolsos, muy mal, no la descarguen.
very convinient and highly reliable. Add an option of phn contact
Login problem
I haven't gotten a single success from this app since I tried it 4 years ago
I can only sign up via Facebook.. Ill pass
horrible app
Cool
Great when it works
Really bad app
This aaplication reallu wrks it was just super to use ..every ome should use and enjoy the aap ..aand dont forget to give rate
It's a great app
Has logged me out and I cant sign in again . Even reinstalled but still won't let me sign in . Cant even report the problem . Useless !!!!!
Yeah
I've got banned from this app. I wasn't even against the "terms of use".. simply i got banned for no such activities..
Money money money.......everything money in this app
great app
Why I can't log in tge fact that my phone number is correct, it keeps saying error 50000
Don't show any matches. Its a bug
This is one of the worst apps I've ever used. Within two days I had over 20 "likes" however its now two months in and not one match. Most of the profiles are offering hookers and if some of the other profiles are not fake we really are in trouble. Avoid this app at all cost, do not use and do not pay for something that is waste of money.
Loveeeee
Get ready to catch a case. Tinder let's underage users run rampant. Be prepared to catch a case.. if you want a better experience please spend your money elsewhere.
Wont let me login. Always has a problem.
Aplikasi nya sih oke cuma terlalu banyak "disusupi" marketing perusahaan investasi yg mencari klien yang seharusnya tinder adalah aplikasi mencari teman malah disalahgunakan
TERRIBLE experience. I've paid Tinder Plus and in some months we got banned for no reason. WORST company EVER!
All fake id's have been created don't subscribe.. Absolute waste of money..
It may take time, but you will find it at last
i think this is fine now I have mobile data
i couldnt log in
Keep on seeing same persons all the time and now I'm with it but I can't even delete my account.
Unable to login randomly, no fixes / support. No chance I would ever pay for this app.
Bought a new phone number that was already banned and only getting boilerplate responses from Help.
Not a good place to waste time
I have deleted ny account and app as well atill tinder deduct the amount frim my bank, this is really no acceptable, such a shame that they must have known that the user profile is deleted with bank info still they are deducting money
the allies are great
Way too many glitches. I would like a confirmation option for super like. I keep super liking by accident and it's annoying how the 3 options change order after you click on a person to view more details.
Best love
I used to use the boost system and I received a lot of likes. I restarted my profile and used the boost system again for 5 turns and wasted my money. I wasn.t showed to any other people. I haven.t even received a like in a town where population is like 5 milion people. :)) this app becamed a joke and it.s more about the money. you will receive a bad rating for taking my money. I need a respons about this problem or else I will take this legal problem in my hand
Smart app.
I can't log in
Nice application to get chance to meet with new people
Not loading users?!
I've succesfully met the perfect one here.. It's a Super-Super-Rare condition, but it is possible though.. just keep finding your perfect one, when you know it, you know.
Good
Broken. Thought some people had unmatched me until they popped up to say hi with no name, photo or link to their profile. Sort it out Tinder!
Awesome App To Hanging Out With
You will find nothing here..
can't download it.
Proper
I got laid
Next level
Good aap
Nice
Not liking it at all its sucks for those who really want to find someone online anymore without having to pay for this service to let you see who liked you and what not then after when you "match" with someone half the time if they do respond they may be scammers. Even though I'm a guy it is still very dumb to how none of this apps surely verified the user to be able to have a more legit experience instead of browsing through this inactive user or malignous accounts. Thnx for the waste of money
App keep crashing
I cant start it bcoz im not 18🙄
Udhaya
Full of fake accounted and people who want to sell sex. I do not recommend it.
Good luck finding anything that resembles a normal woman on here. 99.9% damaged goods and freak shows.
I like it
Booom
This app is for rich people
So many fake account
Thanks to this app I now have a wide variety of girls feeding into my self deprivation fetish, the constant stream of unrivaled pain and rejection that comes from the girls on this app has fueled my sex drive for a millennium. Once again thank you to the wonderful team at tinder!
Not getting more profile, limited profiles only
My account was banned for throwing a house party. It's been five years and they still refuse to unban it! It's rediculous!
Gest a rubish app for people that got stuck on the net swipe profile pics. In vane.
Cool app to make new stranger friends and its a good time pass something different then whatsapp and Facebook
It's good.
Like the app..
App constantly will not let me sign in and the message screen always jumps back to the top. .lost all matches 3 times now. App is terrible now. . Dont waste your time
Why am I unable to purchase subscription? When I enter cvc code there's no option to submit the code.. just blank Page
Very bad even when i had not taken subscription more people were discovered Its just money making app
Alot of sexy women on here.
This app might be useful, if it ever let you sign in
Works well
Awesome
Downloaded the app, swiped a couple times, went to bed. Woke up today, app asked me to verify I'm human, showed me pictures of non parrots and asked to select the parrot. Then permanently banned me. Lol
The app stopped work and their support even did not respond to my last message asking to help.
Excellent app
You have ruined a decent app by requiring an "ultimate user" fee boasting unlimited likes and such. The only way to use the app in any capicity is now for a profit. You cohmd have easily done a startup ad and a random add every x amount of minutes in the app to make your money at the corperate level..  Your money crazed and glutinous ideals will haunt you.
we want more suipe
Love it
Good
Paying customer. Banned for no apparent reason. Vague reply from their inbox saying terms and conditions were violated. They will not elaborate. I haven't even remotely violated any terms or conditions. Do a Google search. Many, many others have experienced the same issue with Tinder. They get your money and then can ban you without reason or transparent justification. They're a fraud. Be warned.
Worse since a paid version available.
Without any reason they blocked my account.
A good platform to connect new people. However the free version should allow few more features
Um if I'm banned for whatever reason, STOP MY SUBSCRIPTION . I'm guessing some woman thought I was offensive or rude. That's Fine. BUT STOP MY SUBSCRIPTION. YOU Ban me or whatever. Stop taking my money. I want a refund for the months I wasn't able to log on... If I'm not being banned, then fix my account.
The amount of fake profiles and bots on this app is astounding.
Yes.... it's true, some of us don't use Facebook so it's not very helpful when Facebook is the only way to login
I'll get messages and suddenly it erases.  Then randomly the screen goes white and I have to reinstall the app.  Big waste of 20 bucks
Well it's an interesting concept and I guess I'm kinda enjoying it so far. Only 1 match so far but I guess it needs some time... it has only been a few days after all.
Love it
Looks good but most of the people your going see are just popular users with very sensual or very good looking picture pictures (that look like where taking by what looks like a professional)that haven't been active for years(or maybe just fake) . Inactive users pictures being see before anything else is a big issue. Plus none of the top pic ever like back so what makes them the top pics?
Girls don't here for hookups it has become a matrimonial site
Really like it
Good app until u get a match
Its refusing to even open the past 3 months
Terrible you can't do nothing on this period I paid for it and then get no results. This is lying terrible... You can't see who likes you if you can't do nothing but like a person takes send him a message you can't nothing this is the worst app I probably ever used and I wouldn't even consider I used it because you can't do nothing on it so therefore it's even worse
Perfect
Love it
It work great I'm just to ugly to use it
Very useful
Unable to upload any photos
itsgood
not good
Too many fake profiles sending you spam messages, crashes way too many times, lags too often...
They banned me from Tinder and i didnt do anything!! This is not acceptable! I want my profile back now! So unprofessional i will not recommend you to anyone! I will sue
Decent
Found a lot of cool people on it.
At least once per session this app freezes and crashes. I've got a Nexus 6p, so it's not on my end. Been like this for a few versions.
Great chance to meet new and exciting people. Which is awesome for me and others with little social time.
Bots and fake profiles
Why is it I suddenly can't write a message after a super like after like a year of doing so
Since last few days, I have been getting an error on registered account "oops, too many attempts, please try again later" I am unable to log in to my account even though I tried everything" reinstalling, clearing cache and data too. Please take a look in to it.
Other than it stopping it was chill
Banned me for no reason horrible app
Full of false advertising, half the features don't work, customer services ignore messages/emails. Half the "users" on the apps also seem to be bots or spam accounts and there seems to be no efforts to improve this. Update: can't change distance or age settings anymore as changes won't save
My experience with this app is pretty bad. Like any other daiting app, only the premium subscription is worth it, so I've been on and off subscribed for the past two years. I won't comment on the success rate. But the most annoying part is that I usually had to pay 2-3 times for a service I already paid, just because of a database glitch. That's more than $60 for a month gold subscription (advertised at around $30). And the same for boosts which due to UI "glitch" are triggered twice. Thieves!
very good but little bit difficult to get match
I think my tinder is broken.. I'm not getting any likes back 😔
There's always a problem when it comes to logging in to your app this past few months.
Don't worry it's not working from two days 😂
Simple, easy, does the job.
Improved from my last review, few bots though which is annoying.
They ban me wdout any reason
Low quality on photos. Wierd compression sometimes.  Also can be quite slow and take a lot of bandwidth.
Please let android users create new lines in messages!
It's not what it used to be for this is a perfect example of if its not broken don't fix it. The limit thing is highly unfair, why not put a way were by if you don't pay you get adds but you still get to keep on swiping and the supper like thing, that just makes people look desperate really.
Nice app
Facebook is super outdated. And it sucks that in order to use this app I have to sign up with it.
I have to try first.
Shows me the same ten people over and over again every time I launch the app, completely ignoring my swipes. They deleted several photos without warning (not spicy photos, just...photos). Now my entire profile writeup is missing. When I try to delete my account I get the error "failed to delete account." When I contacted support and mentioned that, their solution was that I have to use the app to delete my account. Absolute clown parade.
sucks it's full of bots
I believe this is a cool app. Try it out!
Like everything about it.
App Rater
Amount was debited from my account against Gold subscription but I am unable to use it.
very bad experience I'm 3 month use This application but no match
Still need some settings
Very easy to use, amazing app
Can't get verification code, it's says sent and I don't get anything. After a while it says that there was a problem getting the code try again later. Help me here
It would be great if we could see who liked us without having to pay could u give us at least 3 or 5 free opens per day to look at people who liked us? Cause of covid19 it makes it vary hard to pay for it when your still under 21 and lost your job due to covid
Adding new features, but the old ones are with full of bugs.
app is lagging
Very pathetic App. Once you pay for subscribtion, your Tinder account will be banned and you won't get refund also. I lost my 1800 bucks. Very worst customer service.
Kuuntelee hartaimpia toiveita yhtä tehokkaasti kuin Savolainen mies! Sanot, että jos vaikka 50 km päästä löytäisit jonkun vastapuolen edustajan, niin ohjelma tarjoaa naisia melkeinpä naapurivaltiosta. Jos siis eri mantere laskettaisiin naapurivaltioksi... Tykkäyksiä löytyy vaikka torilla jaettavaksi, mutta osumia et saa ennen kuin tipit on maksettu.
Worked the first time, but when I try to go back in it makes me login through Facebook. Then almost all the time it says login failed.
I have been on Tinder for a couple years now, all across America. Fantastic networking , social tool! I have met some incredibly genuine people off of here in the most random of places. Highly recommend this app to anyone seeking to add new experiences and adventures in your life!
🤘🏻
Looking to be found
I know what you're thinking. This isn't a great option.
nan
The app is fine. The idea is cool and is addicting swipe. But some matches won't show sometimes and appear again later..  If there wasn't this bug I would give it 5stars.
Far too many people on this running scams. Otherwise not bad for actual genuine people
beware:  the only way to create a profile on tinder is to use your Facebook login.  that's unacceptable.
Great app if you are looking for new, innovative ways to be rejected by women.
Changed my life
Blocked for no reason
Good app, but my matches keep on disappearing and appearing again without the both of us unmatching each other
good
It allows me to pick my age range and distancing.
Prezzi sul modello discoteca: ragazze gratis, ragazzi pagano per tutti.
No success story as of yet, only used it a couple hours. ..
Awesome
loops aren't a replacement for video >_<
Excelente
great
Nice
Most stupid support I've ever seen, I've asked for a reason why I've been banned, they wouldn't tell me, i don't even know why but im not allowed to use tinder apparently
when I was actually able to use this app, it was great and easy to use. but I got banned for absolutely no reason, so I made a new Facebook to log in with and I got banned AGAIN. it's ridiculous
5 stars
Very good
NOT TRANS FRIENDLY!! They banned me because I do not look like a traditional female despite identifying as such. I went to "verify" my account and they banned me shortly after with no explanation. This leads me to believe it is due to my unnatural female appearance. NOT SUPPORTERS OF THE LQBGQIA+ COMMUNITY!
Tinder is a trash app that's biased against men. Go look up reviews of their algorithm deleting men for no reason. And they will never provide you an explanation.. at least not without a lawsuit.
It's an awesome app, I must admit, only problem is none of my matches seem to work out :(, wish there was a more exclusive appeal.
Nice Overall App.
so happy i finally have friends
Worst dating app of all, You get blocked with no reason and cant access your account again, so once you get blocked then that's it, blocked for life. Rather disappointing and no way to run a business...
Its good but dnt allow to chat firstly
nice
Super amazing app, but have issues with the blind folds
I'm not using application please help
Won't be resubscribing. Can't open bios any more. Most of the female profiles are just trying to sell their onlyfans. Boosts are the only way to move up the stack and be seen, and even they stop working after the 2nd time. As a gold member with a complete profile, I was lucky to get a couple of matches a week at best, despite using my 5 superlikes most days. In fact, it got that bad I thought I was shadowbanned and contacted support about it. Total waste of time and money. Bumble is better
When trying to share profiles it pops up the download app in Google play store even though I have it downloaded. Then it doesn't show the profile.
Good
Does not work for me
Fun way to meet new ppl
cool app
Awsome if you lucky
As in too goo
Amazing App
it works
I should be able to match with the people who already swiped on me, but you keep them hidden from me, so I have to pay for them? I'm not finna do that. In other words - LAAAAAAAAAAAAME. Bad app ³/10
this app is useful to finding new friend which is a lot of people from another country. good
Such a trashy dating app. Everytime I get a match with someone the woman happens to be very mean or rude. The apps dumb and its for thots.
Yuck
Had no likes so far but I like to keep going
Wont log in with Facebook
I've been on this app for a few weeks and all of a sudden now it logged me out and won't allow me to login due to having "Facebook messenger but not the Facebook App installed", which is untrue. I deleted both facebook and tinder and reinstalled and it still will not allow me to log in to Tinder.
Good for make new frnds... Nice dating app
Unsatisfied
Its a fool proof time killer for sure
So many interesting individual's
i appreciate
kind sucks when you can't see who likes you. im not paying to see if I can find the one and then leaves me it's dumb
👌
sweet as
No problems so far. Lots of fun.
Good
I love the concept! I have met a lot of fun people an continue to.
Le zoo man !
I don't know if am the only one with the problem...but the moment I login it brings me a notification that I have Violeted their terms...yet it is the first time I have logged in..I have tried with other emails and phone numbers but it still persists...So...
Excellent network
Runs great on my phone but for some reason it won't sync to my moto 360. I've tried to find solutions online but I can't find anything
good aps for know each other in your radius
you need to pay before seeing who like you😡
It keeps losing my messages/matches. I think they should give a "maybe" option.
Don't give them money. They will misbehave the moment you are locked into their system.
Nice
Been using this for 3 weeks, no one has liked me yet, kinda depressing.
Perfect haha
Crashing the whole time. (Every time I try to open a chat )
Always force closes and can't log in. Please fix
😍
Fake only needs money its money earning process May God put this company owner in hell
Keeps crashing, Won't  let me sign in
Doesnt get a single match
Very good profiles
Not bad
Works perfectly every time you login, heaps of new features to. Love it!
I hardly use it unless I find someone I actually want to talk to but I keep getting banned? I am not doing anything that breaks the rules in any way yet my account was banned
It's okay it's decent but it's not all that trustworthy never put too much 
faith in these dating websites
👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
how do we delete friends?
No glitches or any thing crazy, meet some people close by. I like it
Yeah not bad, good size....
G re at app
Amazing app and it helps me a lot
I don't want my prescription but it won't let me cancel. so I'm stuck with it
Awsome way to communicate with Strangers ♥️
Garbage. Every time I start a chat it ends up disappearing.
When i tap the log in to Facebook button the screen dims then lights up and nothing happens.
CD
They don't give free subscription. It charged from me and have not returned the money
i don't recommend it, absolute discrimination to us men, for women it's free, for men no, we are discriminated against, also you don't have a choice of countries, only your location and people around you, and absolutely tons of fake accounts, and when you remove preferred languages, after restarting the app, the languages are sitting in the options again, as if you never removed them, lots of bugs, big discrimination
Is anyone else not able to open the app?
Great for fun loving people.
And crashes a lot, can't update my bio, tons of bots. Great app... Lol
App has improved a lot the past few years and i love it!
It's just completely broken. My swipes do nothing. I can sit and swipe endlessly without running out, then when I exit and come back to the app I see the same profiles. Can't delete the account either, says it's failed to. Literally unusable.
Works very well in Barcelona
Glitchy
Alright
good
Waste I thoughtbany editing but worst app
Great app but the premium pricing is a bit high
This app wants to change your device settings: Turn on Wi-Fi.  How many Times do I have to click "No" till this app finally stop asking me this question over and over again?
Legal
Very bad..tinder intrudes in to your chats..it's reading your chats even without the other person reporting you..it's happening recently..tinder should change its policy or else it will loose its relevance very soon
I paid for the subscription and now it won't let me see anyone and it still says to upgrade... fix please or ill be calling to get a refund asap
Sick
There needs to be an automatic way to detect profiles that are spamming their social media profiles
Great
Still has log in problems
If I don't want a Facebook profile for privacy concerns, nothing you say can convince me that I should make one just to use this app.  There should be an option to log-in without Facebook.
☺️☺️☺️
Good one
Worthless without paying
Efficient
In terms of making matches, as an average looking lad I've made over 100 matches, however the lack of replies is ridiculous. What's the point of matching with 100 people if 10 of those actually respond. There needs to be consequences for people who choose to ignore as it defeats the point of the app. Apart from that, I have met a handful of awesome people on here, so that's what has given it a two star as opposed to a one star rating.
very limited
Nice app
Secret admirer loaded exact same profile 10 times in a row even though i swiped no and there are over 60 likes
When are you going to fix your app? I can't even log in. (Same problem.)
Got permium, went all out, liked over 8000 profiles, got 50 matches, 10 fake profiles, 35 very very not my type, and 5 my type, but none went anywhere.
I don't like the facial recognition
The app is fine but I would like to be able to view the profiles I have already liked and have the chance to edit the list or remove people from it.
nice App
Tinders cool
Good stuff
okcupid is better as a dating app... also tinder is way to expensive for what it offers...
🍆🍆🍆🤣
Early days but going well
Not sure why people complain about no likes or matches. Downloaded last night and woke up to 10 matches. No issue so far. Easy functionality, a bit pricey for some features but ultimately love comes when it comes.
Not good not bad
Decent app
The best
Cool thanks
Works excellent, just wished they allowed a premium feature where we could post 10-second videos to introduce ourselves.
the 'diamond' tab doesn't work. 'smthg went wrong'
Its fun lol  And easy
You deducted two payments from my Visa Card this month!!
hope it can notify you even if your acct is idle
awesome app
That is very selfish app. It will go down soon.
Im always asked to go to otber sites and pay dumb fees so on and so forth.   Hasn't worked yet
Loving it
Used to be pretty good, now its just a cash grab. This invisible elo score puts a wall up between you and matches matches unless you pay even then its kind off sketchy....Dont waste your time. Wait for the next big dating app.
It's not letting the app send me a verification code to my phone does using a text app work
I dig the app. only thing is that its got a bug where after a while the app just doesn't want to open(phone gives a message "tinder isn't responding").I thought it was just my phone but it still kept happening after I got a new phone.please fix this then it will be 5 stars
I love this app, I've been able to meet with interesting people thanks to tinder. I met my girlfriend here as well. You just have to be patient about it and you'll get your matches.
This app doesn't make any matches.I am from india
Nice meeting you
gud
Easy to meet different people
So far so good😇
Tinder logo is "bouncing" and the app doesn't start. Would clear app cache but not sure if it will unmatch all the contacts.
Full of fake accounts that try scam you
It's lovely and easy to use...  I mean I'm loving it
Péssimo
I need love
Lol
a lot of people just looking for hook ups bit I have had some nice convos with some at the same time.... so far no true luck though
Been on and off here over the past 8 years or so. It used to be good but is now full of bots and woman trying to sell you their Only Fans account or trying to garner Instagram followers. Lots of ghosting and folk who don't seem capable of holding a conversation beyond three words at a time. A number of other friends (both men & woman) have had similar experiences. Most dating now are just money making ventures. What ever you do, never pay for the extra features.
Bloody thing wont let me just have a look. Cant get it workinh.
Good time pass
got banned for being rude to someone who hid behind a fake profile to solicit instagram followers and monetary donations aka a scammer. spent good money and it was a good app until they banned me without a warning or anything. great way to treat a paying customer.
I've met a lot of ladies on here
Its good. Getting better.
bugs have prevented me from logging in for the past four days and this is not the first time it's happening...these kind of things ought to be nipped in the bud at the beta stage..disappointed
Very good
Just hate that you have to pay to message people, that's it.
very good app for dating and to make new friends
In my experience, the only dating app that actually works!
My matches keep getting refreshed and even after I message a match it doesn't show like it never happened.
Trouble to login it's saying your account is blocked y I don't no so better dnt use this always it's poor
Facing login problem, while it's showing verify U are human, disrupting
I gave your app 5 stars, please never ask me to rate again.
It's a good app
Nice
Great
sacha me
Overpriced not enough local people charged me twice for the same service Don't have a way to cancel before renewing I wouldn't recommend this to anyone
This app charges for everything even after matches, it charges money who likes ur photo, it is not a good app.
Now is not work
Decent so far. Needs a couple more features.
The update made me install and try other apps .
Don't get suckered into paying for a sub. It's worth nothing. Algorithm still doesn't manage to show people near your location. I figured I'd try it for a month but as soon as I did I realized that you have to pay another 30$ for anything resembling a benefit. This app has been a breeding ground of dishonesty and women exploiting men.
Very costly
Really dislike how when you match with someone, you can't view their profile from the send first message screen anymore. Lost a good match because I wanted to view their profile to check something from my message... And couldn't get back to the match after.
This app should let us know if we got unmatched bc it's sooo confusing. Idk if it's a glitch, or if the person really unmatched me. Booooo.
Very bad app...accpted frend req disaapears automatically...no old chats r seen..
New to it but so far everything is good
Using it for like 400 years, still no match, still giving it a 5 star 😂
Good
It's a good app but slightly overhyped. Atleast it's not like Okcupid that for a stupid match I need to pay more bucks that too in dollars. Here also it's dollars but its clear cut rules and options. No extra bucks showing off something that's imaginery that happens in OkCupid. Far better than that App, but with logical and understandable limitations.
Such a disgusting app honestly. Don't know why the hell this app crashes down so frequently. This happened not for the first time tho. And most importantly my match vanishes after talking for a few days. This is very much yucky. I don't even find a proper way to figure it out. Not at all satisfied 👎
I'm available for a hookup
Amazing app
Generally the app is ok. However I noticed some weird behaviour like your "likes" number goes up an down randomly, regardless of how many missed match notifications. The algorithm sucks. You can look at your blurred out likes and 90% the time the 3rd profile you browse is a like. You can literally browse 4 profiles, close the app. Browse 4 profiles , close the app, and clear out all the chaff. Also scrolling past the first 10 top picks will probably reveal matches tinder thinks are better but..
Good
Got banned for nothing.
My matches are disappearing.
Banned with no explanation
Tinder is horrible now, in Indonesia it is being use by futures trading marketing to offer joining into certain brokerage firm. And these are young girls in the age of 20 to 22. The financial authority regulator should look into this.
great
Meh
Even if you pay and request to see people in your area it's a lie. most accounts are fishing for OF or Instagram followers. they can spoof locations and pad appeal.
Sk ma dk! A very bad app and service.
Very clumsy, update vanish your information from app. Trying to feed info again but app simply refuse to work stating "something went wrong"
Fake app. Had it for 2 weeks with no matches
Great
Sound
Poor
Fix the log in issue! It's not temporary and it's annoying. I've done everything down to uninstalling the app and reinstalling... still can't log back in. Just make it so I can log in with a user name and password... get rid of the extra complication.
Never lets me log in! I've tried force stopping the app,  clearing the cache, and reinstalling countless times,  nothing works. Terrible, there's no reason why this should continue to happen.
Cant open app whites ccreen
Nice
wish i got more super likes but over all a grrat app
Account banned with no reason and no answer from support, terrible experience. Zero stars.
Pathetic app. Trying to make a payment and it just shows purchase unsuccessful, nothing else.
GOOD
I like how quickly this app works.
No puedo ingresar a mi cuenta, me dice que hay un problema y que lo vuelva a intentar y no puedo ingresar.
still to know.but for now am good
Trying to log in to my account using my registered phone no. But I'm not getting any OTP....
Trash wuz on it earlier no problem go back in later sayin my account banned
Nice  App
I can't log in using FB
Good
I'm having trouble to verify my number, saying can't get the code right now.   Pls help.
Money grabbing, lots of scammers
Too many bots, but good stuff when you chat with real people
It's one of the good app am having on my pc
The swipes (both left and right) are not being saved. The same people are being shown to me several times, and no new matches in almost a week. Or it is an app issue or Tinder is trying to make users pay Tinder Gold to give the usability. Hilarious.
When u change back to d format u will get five stars
Great
worst
pinapangarap ko talaga na gumamit ng apps na toh sobrang tagal na pero please give me change for download of tinder huhuhu omg I really want to talk our people to any country😭😭😭 -tagalog/english
Login com problema
Met K
Kinda scam, not showing the people that like me even after 24 hrs of new account. Bumble has better system than this
this is a good app
This app is driving me nuts since someone has made a fake account of mine not only once but twice I've talked to people and told them to report . Many have already reported ,yet that fake account is still working and I'm getting harassed...
easy and fun apps
Awesome
This needs to be movable.
Love it
dating site is awesome
Don't like it
Was a good app, used it to meet new ppl and chat. I log in today and it says I've been banned from Tinder. Didn't give me an explanation as to why, or give me an option to talk with someone. Have no idea why I was banned. Even spent the 30 bucks for platinum.
I cant install this app in Iran
Could use a means to update profile information more easily.
I liked Tinder initially. But now I am not liking it at all. The way it works, after subscribing (paying) you get a boost option and only after using that, matches happens. But from the last few days, Tinder team had reduced the boost option from four a month to just one a month. So Tinder makes no sense now, as with one boost a month u could only have one or two matches. I understand and it's ok to charge money but in return the service should be satisfactory. Tinder team - I am not happy at all and might not continue if same approach is followed from your side.
The layout is easy to understand and navigate, but the app stops on me a lot and has some other glitches, especially with notifications and messaging. Also wish I didn't have to connect it to my Facebook.
I've met some nice people, not a boyfriend yet but I'm working on it. And my best friend met her current boyfriend on here.
Just keeps showing the same profiles over and over even if you swipe left on them. Huge waste of time
My account has banned without any reason what is thiss ????
blah blah blah
This app is broken. For some reason once I match with someone I can't talk to them, the screen just constantly loads and refuses to send the message.
Immediately i was banned for no reason. Hahahaha i guess no looking at the ugly freebies until i buy the stupid "love" you offer. Burn in hell america
Big BS!!!
Aku menemukan istriku dari aplikasi ini. Thanks
Only for those who can manage to buy premium
Super
Love everything setting are great
Nice
Tinder can be so much better without the Bots and fakes. My rule is not to believe a person even exists unless we meet. I only got Tinder to eliminate getting fake profiles from Ghana Africa pretending to be just down the street by the GPS feature, but somehow fakes bypass that. In some poor nations such fraud is allowed because it brings in billions of dollars a year while making fools and breaking hearts over a collection of stolen internet pictures and copy and paste scripts. RonaldHLevine
Everytime I open this app it gets stuck on a white screen
It keeps crashing after a couple minutes of use
The app is ok
Banned for no reason, not worth to install it, support can't unban me. Updated on May-23 2021
Overall good.
Easy to use
Everytime I get a match or message, it deletes them by itself. Please fix!
This is garbage. Someone hacked my account and now that I was hacked I can't sign up for a new account they have completely banned me. Well besides deleting that account and letting g meet a new one I cant even do anything. Terrible security.
Bad Concept. Focusing on looks, try dating site that gives opportunity to be liked by someone via personality and conversation. Also, lately infested with fake Chinese account dating scams
I hate  the developer
Still getting used to it but it seems like a great app all tho I'd add word preview where it lets you see what wordnyoure trying to type out its very useful to some one lijenmenwho cantbreally dpell.
Best
Still investigating
Superb
Half the people are fake profiles like really tho.
Scummy app
i can not reply any messages ther is an error in tge app it clise by it self every time i tried to send a message or reply
I subscribed for gold 2 times I lost my money but I didn't get the subscription.. I tried contacting them it seems they don't have a consumer care number.. and emails are useless they dnt respond. I lost money 2 times on gold subscription so that sucks for me
Playstore should remove this kind of scam apps
Can't even sign in with Facebook. Waste of time.
I love it just need more like or only put people who likes u as well makes it easy
Literally a cash generator based on exploiting the Human need for companionship. You will have better luck finding a partner in person than on this app because of how many barriers they throw at you to get you to buy their subscription. Seriously, methods to find the ideal partner are exorbitantly priced.
I boosted my profile for 6.99+tax I got couples notifications on my phone when I opened this app there was nothing. How? This app is sucha trash don't use this it guys
good
😘
Heard great stuff about this just linked it to my facebook account now I'm stuck on the finding near by matches not impressed
Cool app when it works. I understand you're still working the kinks out of it, but mine won't load. It keeps saying finding friends near you but never produces any results. I've adjusted the search radius to the minimum and the maximum and still the same issues.
Gud but need to advertise well
I use to like the app befor but i dont no what is happen now
It has happened a number of times that it says that I've matched with someone, yet when I go to matches immediately thereafter there is no new matches showing.
I'm having fun so far.
It's an amazing app
Such a horrible app. If you're not spending money, they WILL NOT show you those who swiped right on you. I spent an entire week swiping And not one of my matches (which I have to pay to see) we're shown to me. What a scam.
I asked for support. No solution until now.
Freezes, crashes, and hides new messages way too much.
Tinder banned my profile and refused to tell me why. Probably some Authoritarian BS about pronouns. Go woke, go broke.
Very good App. Met a lot of good people on it.
It's awoseme
awesome
It was worth it.
Fixed.
Best thing ever!
Have a Samsung S7 and this app freezes and crasches. About 35 times in the last week alone
amazing app
Omg
Bad
Obviously, tinder is awesome. However, the app freezes constantly and very rarely manages to sign in via Facebook making it unusable at least half the time
Awesome
Epic. Easy to use
I like it
Not open tinder Some troble...
Blatant scam, will spam you with notifications about things hidden behind pay-walls... There is nothing actually there. Most users are fake or bots.
I'm meeting so many fine ladies :)
another app goes full pay to win/girls so stuck up if your not a 6 foot tall you will never have any luck
Lol
F host
Constant crashing
I got banned for literally no reason. Screw y'all
Bekar bht he bekar srf paise chye inhe😏😏😏
It shuts itself down quite often. Now it will not let me sign in. Would 
score better if you could send pictures.
i can't see likes, and the price is too expensive
Waste of time.
Thots
my age is wrong and idk how to fix itt
New update is really buggy.
Deleted the the account and kept being charged for the past few months. It gave me the option to cancel my subscription and it said was cancelled, however it wasn't.
This is just a paid app with lots of fake peoples...
This application harmful, that app using, 99% African scammers, if you in UAE pls just keep safe your life, and ignore that app, if you don't want kill your self, just stop to download that app, just mow I see in gulf news, abut that app
I enjoy it..
I like to travel and check out the men in different areas
Between bots and the ones advertising onlyfans which tinder does nothing about there is nobody left. Don't waste your time.
The app does not load my matches so I cannot even message anyone. I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app and also logged out and back in and it will not load.
Love the diverse improvements. Still detest the shallow limitations & picfolios without bio or...anything. Personally, comes in 3rd place for most connections.
I can't log in...3 days now. I'm not paying for this app until you guys fix all bugs and problems
Good
Buggier then the average app
I have reset my GPS and location services. Also signed out of Facebook. I can get to the log in page just after I sign in it says error sign in later. Still can't sign in and its been 3 days. I got an Email saying tinder responded but nothing is showing up.
Eh, got asked for verification photos because they thought my account was suspicious. I sent them in only to get banned anyway. It's probably for the best, but it's a real shame that the auto moderator is so poor while also not being appealable.
Good
Can't log in
Buy nothing, expect no customer help desk and don't get your hopes up with matches. Reason for 2 stars? Doing all that you'll find some cool people to hang out with and ignore the 80% problems on this app.
Hey I am trying to log in it shows some thing went wrong can you check what's wrong
Why it always says that there was a problem logging into tinder ? I love this app but its crashes just like this?
osm
I installed the update and now I cant view my conversations. No point in the app when you can't converse with others.
"There's no one new around you"
Dogs banned me for nothing.
I get the notification for new messages and when I open it some of the matches I got messages from are gone from my list.
Surely there are better ways to make revenue than bricking the app...
It's amazing since day one Never been struggling or having any type of problem
It is all about money and controlling .Extremely poor quality. I don't recommend to anyone. Waste of time .
I got a notification saying that I had new likes... Tapped the app and went ham on the like button and went until I ran out... No matches, probably my abrasive personality
Every turn it's $$$, they want $ for everything. Stay away from this app like the plague do yourself a favor. Stay away!!! Please heed my advice.
Sometimes cant access it by facebook. do you have other choice..not only facebook? thx.
I found my partner on this app and we've been together for a year and half.
its been a great using tinder
they want you to pay so bad. im pretty sure i've been shadow banned for what ever reason. never any discounts. people i match with never respond back so idk if they're more bots than users at this point.
Sucks that I am banned and I have no clue why. I got on Tinder a handful of times then went years without logging on. When I logged on finely again I find I am ban for violation of terms of service despite not using the app. They will not talk to me how or why or when this all happened. Would have given it a 4 star review but you can't even get answers to questions.
It's not a bad app overall.  Basically useless though if you live in a smaller town.  The only profiles you see are fakes, and it seems like tinder doesn't do any kind of verifying whatsoever.
Just doesn't work. I'm using gold and have far better results on other, unpaid lesser known apps with less than half the activity as I'm most often on this one.
Paid $12 to change my location to the Philippines, but still can't see who message me without paying an extra $6 for gold membership. Tried to upgrade, but I get a message saying it will not take effect till next week. It says upgrade but does not take immediate effect if you make the payment. So stupid. I'm trying to meet people overseas but it looks like this app is not worth it for me.
good
I hate that doing tonight new thing!
Ds world
Got band for no reason and I asked why they told me they don't know and didn't fix it extremely upsetting
This app has been overtaken by people just looking to sell their nudes, products or promote their social media platforms. Can Tinder please make a rule about promoting your venmo, cashapp, Instagram, snapchat and other social media in the BIO? I swipe through 50 Instagram influencers before finding someone who is looking to date. Is ridiculous
Gabisa kebuka apa2
Have to restart app every time i want to do something different and constantly crashes!!
So many bots and so many accounts that are simply wanting to promote themselves or to scam others. Match Group needs to redo this app completely or they are doomed to fail long-term.
Useless. Go out and meet people
It's been a great way to meet wonderful people.
bad experience as i cannot use the application with my personal data, except with wifi connection
idont want to login with my phone number iwant to use my email
No option to turn off Tinder passport people.. 8 out of 10 swaps are girls from around the world when I just wanna find people within a 5 km radius. I want my money back because I am not paying for that change!!!
Waist of money and time
It's gud
Amaizing
Sweet!
Not everyone has a Facebook. Just saying.
I had a few matches but today they aren't loading. Fix your app...
I have a problem logging in. It isn't giving me a code to login
Good for meeting people
Here's an idea, let people know you need Facebook to use this app. I don't so after downloading it I had to delete it. Total waste of time.
It is good app. But finding whom i liked is just ??????
I had fun using it, and it is actually useful.
Awesome
Cool not great
Awsomeeeee
You can only sign in with Facebook. That's top much access to my personal information. Why not create a regular log in? Fix it and I'll try it.
Fak
Won't even let me log on! There's an error and no matter how many times I reinstall it the same thing happens.
They make you to pay for the subscription then they banned your account for no reason. They are thefts.
It show something went wrong
Might take a while but after about three days you'll find a match
New bug kicked me out several times a day, requiring me to verify I'm human. They then banned my account and refuse to give a reason.
It won't let me subscribe to Tinder Plus,  keeps saying there is a problem getting subscription status. If that can get fixed you could have my money AND 5 stars.
Haven't checked it out properly but seems pretty awesome
Perfect
Is not working appp
Can't unsubscribed comes up with some error messages while eating my funds. Not happy
The longer I use it the more I dislike the app so deleted my account and uninstalled.
this is a very great
Crashes won't open, useless...Uninstall!
Please remove the "connect with facebook"
Awesome
Ok
I don't know,i have never use it
Good
Wow. I am a paying user. As far as I am aware, I have been banned with no good cause. There is no appeal process and no customer interface available other than an automated response that equates to "sorry mate, no, you can't use tinder any more" so now I am THAT guy who just ghosts people! Utter BS
It functions, but really poorly. Can't post moments without error message or force close.
Tinder is showing me the wrong currency despite having my gps on and showing the correct country of residence in the app. Through this I've discovered there's no way to actually contact anyone for this app to fix this issue when there's no solution for this in the help&support section. Not willing to give any money to an app that won't even offer someone to get in contact with to fix app issues esp when the currency isn't even correct.
great
awesome apps...
Error when i was sending text did not sent
i suddenly lost all of my match without doing anything and got no idea about what's going on, recover it and I'll recover my rating
Crash crash crash
Neat!
Great!
let's try to be a nice person to everyone ✌️
Time waste app
Absolutely useless app. I got tinder Platinum so i could try and meet people to show me around when i traveled to new cities and i have to prove i am not a bot every day( i dont spam like or break any rules) dont waste your money it is not worth it. This app is just a scam now. I made a new account with all the same information and pictures and i have got more likes and matches in a day than i did in a week with the premium account. ( look at my comments response to see just how useless tinder i
gg
Whats wrong the log in? Suddenly I cant log in... You should probably make it other option to log in, like making a new account on tinder without have to connect to facebook... And please dont tell with "temporary" thing, You should fix it like right now, its your biggest problem while its a nice apps
great way to meet people
Never asked for my permission still signed me up for paid membership. Support is not helpful. Terrible experience.
Where is blind date option?🤔
Its an amazing way to meet new people from outside your normal bubble. Decent messaging ability and fantastic way to boost confidence in yourself.
very good
ok
Smooth, lovely app. I'd like a "back" button though- I've accidentally turned down a few people
Keeps crashing and saying unable to log in via facebook , when it works its great but if I cant log in then its useless
3rd. class money app
It's a lot of fun usually meet new people
Nice
I don't use Facebook. Won't let me log in any other way.
Real good 😘
I awoke to a superlike & other match notifications. Yet when opening the app I can't see them. It's stuck on 'finding people near me' I've logged on & off, uninstalled & reinstalled. Turned the phone off & on. Location off & on WiFi off & on. Nothing seems to help. Bug fix please, asap.
So may fake accounts and gay people are using it. You should atleast have a background check for this.
This app is just fun,.... did I mention that this app is jus fun
Uninstalled it for now. Ill come back after it is fixed
Its okay but needs to remove the location request
Bad
Premium 😑😒
A favorites bar would be a great idea
Poor. Settings not working, not easy to delete the account. Crashes all the time. A waste!
I'm happy for New New girls pic....only one use this app
good app
Premium user since 2018, old account went under review for no reason once, new account has a 1-year Tinder Platinum subscription yet got banned out of nowhere after only 2 months, no appeal available, unable to restore purchase, now struggling for a refund.
slow at loading photos
im so tigang😂
Not successful But I keep trying
I like Tinder
2 years and just couple of matches without any real results. Just keeps asking for cash...So photo check is here 👍🏻...took you long enough 😄 but it must be mandatory!!! It is that simple...at least one of the photos. Otherwise it's useless gentlemen... LE: failed to report user every time I try to report, for any reason 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
Good app. I like it.
Super
This app is a waste of time. Please for the love of GOD dont pay for the gold subscription because if someone just report you , you can get your account banned even if you didnt do anything wrong and the app wont refund your payment. The app dont have a support to contact. Just give up, you got better chances flirting at the bus stop or at a bar.
I met a girl in Tinder on 2020. Now She is my Gf.
Faqat chutiapa hai ue aur kuch nai
Scam Just joined up after putting it off fo ages and having read the bad reviews. But decided to try it anyway- paid for the Gold subscription. Tinder happily took the money off me double-quick. Went throught the photo verification thing, then got notified i was banned, the reasons why i really have no idea as as far as i was concerned, everything was compliant. All this in the space of 24 hours. I feel this is a total scam - avoid being ripped off everyone!
I don get matches I paid for tinder plus
Fix the location problems already
I enjoy swiping through the randos. Many seem to be on opposite ends of the spectrum though. They're either gnarly bridge trolls or hot babes. Its like hot or not but with slightly more information. Ill stick with PoF though.
I can not verify my account Help me
Does what it says it does.  A+  in my book.
Love it
Worst application. I bought Platinum Subscription and I am not able to view with whom I got matched or I am not able to veiw who messages me
Tindee get worth and worth over time. I got banned for no reason. I didn't even used it for a while and now I can't use it at all. What a crappy service.
Can't get number verified!
Scam
It' such a good
terrible
Cannot even agree to the terms and conditions as once you click sign in it does not log you in then says your logged in despite this not being the case, all in all I found this to be an awesome waste of my time in trying to simply install or even activate the app!.
Unless you're in the top 10% of men in terms of physical beauty and height, you will just lose your money, your time and all your self-esteem.
It's a pretty amazing app! I was told about it by a friend and really happy too. :) I do have a problem with my profile pic not changing and I have to uninstall and reinstall just to see the change.
Lawda app
Kinda dry mostly or very entertaining. At the end of the day find out how the app is for you everyone has their own opinion. I did find some people that weren't sexually driven and actually wanted a relationship, so sometimes it can match you with some genuine people.
Bug
No nick name pls
Can't update your age easily as the years pass.
Just how much of a loser you must be to pay 30$ for tinder. Too expensive and nothing guaranteed
I find tinder as a place to meet and hang out with new friends and love ones... I soo much love ❤️ this app.
I love it
Freedom
Can't even log in anymore.
Terrible
i gote 2 matches in 2 weeks but didn't respond me back of my message... its so irritating and disgusting 😏😏
Fake app
I downloaded the app on my 18th birthday and made an account. Unlike lots of people I know, I waited until I was 18. Less than 24 hours later my account was banned. They didn't tell me why and I got an email saying they don't do appeals for bans. Other than making my account, I didn't use it at all. Didn't swipe on anyone. Now I have no way to get an account.
3.5 stars have to constantly filter out scammers..
cant get in
Not paying to swipe lol get real.
Wow I love this app!
This is nice app
Geheh
the app was great, until my account was banned for no reason. there is no way to appeal about it even though it was clearly a mistake and my emails were responded to but my explanation of the situation was ignored. Now I am unable to use this app for the next 25 years, according to their website, when the ban will end. if you are going to make it so easy for users to report eachother and self police the app themselves then you should have an appeal system. people do report people for no reason
gud
Tinder+ charged 400+rs, opt to upgrade ask to pay nearly 220₹ but deducted 600+ amount, then tried to upgrade platinum deducted 900+rs showed nearly 300, for one month pack, fraud app
🤙🏼🤙🏼🤙🏼
100M+ people trying to SMASH🙉
4 stars
It takes a long time to meet someone on all the sites
Constantly Crashes
Couldn't even verify my number. Dumb app
Not gay friendly!!! Sucks!
You can't cancel auto payment
so loving it
no proper payment option net banking and change payment mode also should be available
This app is a scam. It's flooded with bots, scammers, fake profiles, prostitutes, and drug dealers. Tinder doesn't seem to care and does not do anything to actually support the app or correct any issues
Love it
almost everyone here is an amateur scam / con person. very few real actual dating adults here...BEWARE..almost everyone is a con !
The app got very annoying with constant prompt for using super likes but I could understand. What ruined it for me is the "go global" feature. They say there are no people around me, and I should try go global, which is ridiculous since I live in a 5 million people city. I don't want to match with people 5000 km away, I want them near me. This is not Facebook! Why forcing this terrible idea on people? Now it's been 24h there is no one around me. Ridiculous.
I installed it and just used it once. After i disconnected with my wifi it logged out automatically and cant login anymore when i connect my phone to wifi again saying there's no internet connection where in fact i am connected with our wifi. Tried to restart my phone but still the same issue. TRY TO FIX IT!!! -_-
if you don't pay you're just strung along......
Great app to meet people
Damn fine
Great app
Amazing
Just got on the site but so far so good. Who knows!! Lol
Good one
Best invention in a long time lol If only this was available when I was a teenager
Beta apps are recommended for this app.
Awesome
Can't log into today. What gives?
Can't cancel Subscription
The lastest update you have to wait before you can like more people. Not paying for this app
f-ing hard to use, loops on start up. need to be reviewed basically on RegisterActivity
Tinder wont send the verification code to even start the sign up process
I'm not getting message from people on tinder and when I text I don't get reply either. I can't even gv this app 1 star
Let's see how well this goes because every other app out there is gar bage I haven't tried Snapchat so I ain't going to knock it
I only have an issue , sometimes it will not load any people until two or three minutes after it kinda freezes
Good
Ok
Good
JUST OK
nan
App toh badhiya h bas ek r@nd! Filter laga do. Bas service available vale hi dikh rhe, lagta h galat area me room leliya h shift hona padega.....
Since long my account was banned . I don't know why ????
This is a good app for introverts people to mingle. This far i love this app
Nice
Found the girl of my dreams
Why are you copying snapchat in adding moments? I dont see the point of moments.
doesnt save any of my swipes, so i end up swiping through the same people Everytime
It used to have this bug where it would randomly delete my messages and unmatch me from people even though I was still talking to them. It doesn't do that anymore. Instead, it matches me with people even if I swipe left on them.
ma someno👌
Easy way to talk to easy girls
Tinder just banned my account without any reason provided, i dont even post nudes stuff there and dont even harm other user, they are the one contantly wanted to have fun. lol I just subscribe for 1 month tinder gold coz i like it suddenly they banned my account and cant make another one in the future. so suck. i hope they update their robot on distinguishing bad or nudity whatsoever.
Spam, fake, bots
Good
Positve and u can control the negitive stuff
Can't get anyone
Fun fun
Nice
DO NOT SUSCRIBE! SCAM! WARNING DONT USE!!! Ive been off this dating app for years i cant log into the account you cant call them theres no phone number and they email back once every month when they feel like it with no solution!!! I cant cancel the account and they keep charging. Im reporting to my bank today as fraud
This app is slow, rarely loads messages, does not load potential matches. Great concept but fix the functionality.
A very good place to b a u look for u baby girl
What happened to Tinder?! Used 7 months ago was great, now the chat-bot and cam-scammers are out of control! You've got a serious problem and it'a killing your hard work! Ban ANY link post in messages full stop! Dropped from 5 stars to 2 until fixed.
Stuck on loading my matches for 2 weeks now
good
It's all right. Works as advertised.
Banned for no reason
excellent
Great
It's pretty okay. I routinely forget it exists, but if I were single I 
would probably get a lot more utility out of it than I have been.
Why can't I open the profiles of people I get on my swipe page? Just 3 dots in the top left corner saying share or report, thats it. I have to look at images, a name, and age, but can't read the bio or music tastes or anything else???
great app. way too many super hot fake profiles
Nice
You guys helped all in all
it's very nice app to find love
The new global feature is the worst thing you've ever added to this app. The tag line "Match. Chat. Date." Doesn't apply if the people you're matching with are 5000 miles away. What a joke. Edit: changing my review to one star. All tinder seems to want to do is squeeze money out of you. They have no intention in actually helping your dating life.
it's mad coz I get bare girls
This Not Any Options Gpay Prime
It's easy to complain about things wrong with Tinder. But in doing so we often overlook the shining moments this app can provide. 'Moments' was a brilliant addition to the app last year, and the new 'super like' feature is clever. The app keeps me entertained when using, and does a good job of keeping things simple
Lags my phone
Horrible
Tinder goes down lol
Rock
sucks that you have to pay to see who liked you. was gonna do a monthly then it wanted to charge me the full amount.
Everytime i try to open the app, it just shows a blank screen, I've tried deleting and reinstalling but nothing works
can't sign on past the photo
Love to be the part of tinder
I got banned for no reason...I followed all the terms honestly I don't understand tinder get your act together man
Beautiful experience
DO. NOT. PAY. FOR. PREMIUM FEATURES!!! I've been a loyal customer for a long time. My account was recently banned and the money I paid for subscriptions will not be refunded. I have no problem with that, per se, but I have tried many, many times to find out the exact reason for the ban, so that I can avoid any issues in the future but all I am getting from the support staff is the same non-answer. I'm doing my best to ensure that I can abide by the rules in future but Tinder is not facilitating
Great app, payment a bit difficult
Just great
For Duffers people
The amount of cam models and scammers is pathetic.
Good  app
my friend said it's like trying to find a guy in the recycling bin
Good
Still waiting for likes It is not good this is a fake app
Boring
It's magical
It logged me out by itself and its been a month i couldnt log in and it said logging error ????
My account got banned for no reason and there's nothing you can do, also the only way to get matches it to pay, you only really see inactive users and theres tons of girls just trying to promote their only fans or get ig followers. Don't waste your time.
App wont log in using mobile data  Crap! After cancelling my subscription, the app says finding people near you like forever. CRAP!!!!!!!!!
Fake profiles
Awesome ☺️
For finding new people
Can you please update the app so you don't have to use Facebook to sign in
formidable
Nicw
It sucks. POF is way better.
100% scam
I would give it more star rating if you're able to see you has liked you, because the fees are way too expensive
Tinder works fine but to ladies please be careful many married men are on this app.
i really love this app
It should be free of cost
nan
easy to use app im just new to the dating game i give the app 5 cause its free get to talk to people in simliar situations
Good
Downloaded.. made an account opened in the morning to see I've been banned? Like how? I'd give it zero stars if I could lol
It
so expensive
I can't click continue after uploading 5 photos why?
my account was banned without any reasons and i can't use it because there's no option to verify my age (again) or do whatever i need to do to get my account back. please bring my account back!!! this app is terrible
420.69
I have been banned for no reason as I would like to join tinder but apparently my account has been banned because I haven't been on for many years
DEAR GOD! Verification is confusing af and doesn't work, very unintuitive UI, can't choose photos from gallery's folders, difficult to get into ppls bios, and browse photos, like/dislike swipe too sensitive resulting in accidents. Words replaced by cryptic symbols. Almost nobody has written a bio. No height, relationship status, and the list goes on! NO PAYPAL OPTION! I would buy gold but only via Paypal. Badoo is SO much easier to use. I'll try this but pretty sure I'm gonna uninstall.
Can we please get the option to sort matches by distance and newest match back
I can't opened most of the times
lockedout for no reason, cant sign in to my account. this is rubbish
very good
Useful
Very useful
Its ok
I installed it and it wouldn't let me go any further after it said to sign in with fb! Whats wrong
good
Good apps
damn❤
Many fake profiles 😒
Too expensive
Good ♡
Bug bug bug everywhere. Bad. Update ASAP.


(I sent details to Tinder crew by emai)
Goid app
Is like tinder doesn't work anymore,I have tried multiple times to create an account but it is not working
okay, im a good looking guy and i would only get like 2 or 3 average girls a week liking me. Dont know if u have to pay extra to boost ur profile but this app is a waste of time and money.
Deleted when you required my number to continue
I got banned, i cant using bot
I can't even use this app anymore, did everything from log out, log back in, uninstall, reinstall, delete cache, delete account and now can't even make a new account. It was a good app and now its the worst app, maybe because of all the updates.
Superb
No longer fun,  cause they got rid of the moments! 😒 the moments were my 2nd version of snapchat... no kidding
I was banned an unknown reason and the process to figure out why/cancel your subscription is horrendous. customer service is completely abysmal.
I used to get a few matches here and there and we spoke, it didn't work out so we unmatched but now I get a lot of matches but no one is answering to any of the questions so I think those are all spam/bot accounts..
Critical bug can't get the verification code
App commonly has "no one new around you" error, and push notifications are often late. App is easy to use overall and is pretty well done
Nothing but fake profiles
👍👌
the best for talk around
Awezome
Just bad.
App doesn't works well it always asks for clear history several times to launch the application! totally fed up with it!
It's a pretty ok app, it does what it tries to do. If you believe in love at first sight, then this is for you! If not, join the club as we try to find ways to numb the existential angst
Good
No comments.
I have found many hot girls on it
Awesome
Met a girl on this app, she had a cock
Great thanks 👍👍👍😁👍👍😊😊😊😀👍👍😀😊😁😊☺️👍👍😁😀😀😀😁😁 😁😁😊 you have received this message. Bb
Someone called me fake for not giving out my social media. Less than an hour later I had to do a little test to verify I was real which I passed and then Tinder automatically blocked me anyway 😂 what a joke of an app.
Ap not working stuck on front screen still
Sooooo many bots. And when I change location & select a range, I continue to get matches from every place I've been.
Can't get it to work on my galaxy
Fun
Greatt app easy to use love it
If you're pretty, this app might help you out.
Terrible app. That's it.
bleh
Riddled with fake profiles - either Asian women thousands of miles away or social media influencers looking for followers.
Like it!
Not getting any matches. I think something is broken. Use bumble instead.
Waste of money App totally fake afrer paying money nobody replies you I paid to plan but didn't get any replys
Excellent service
Need Facebook to log in, I'm out a here!
After the new update everything works fine...somehow maybe you can shorten the waiting time for swiping again...but besides the waiting time its perfect
Tinder was going okay until I was trying to update my phone number and then it said I was banned from the app.??
Not open
Nice
Don't make fool
nice app! !!!!
I met my fiancé and love of my life because of this app. As crazy as it sounds every relationship starts with a hello and mine started with "hey :)" just a simple message from a guy I just wanted to meet and possibly be friends with but after chatting on tinder and then meeting one thing led to the other. Now I'm happily engaged to the love of my life!
Lo malo es que se cierra a cada rato por problemas en su sistema.
Awesome
It deleted all my matches. Did this happen to anyone else?
I've had so much casual sex thanks to Tinder!
Haven't really gotten into it feel like I need to pay for it to be worth it and it costs to much in my opinion
It's raining men! lol but I wish I could narrow down my search a little more
Aw yeah
Can't log in
Put manually on interest.
Swipe right
Good
👌🏼
Needs to be fixed with location because It dif dose not show within the distance that's selected over 100 miles off is horrible...
like it
You will not get any person to date. I have been using it for more than 2 months.
Ridiculously full of fake profiles. You swipe through a hundred and over half will have the same snapchat add, but different pictures. Added to that the distance filter no longer works, so if you're looking for someone within a reasonable distance for actually meeting up that's even more unlikely now. Lastly, the sheer volume of matches that don't chat. Don't know if they're real, fake or problems with the chat side of the app, ut overall this has become completely useless as a dating app.
I cant open the apps, asking customer service is useless not even helping
To much ads and swipe do seize
They have banned my account for absolutely no reasons ...other apps are much much better than this ..tinder is actually acting weird now
Tinder you are very bad. I hardly find someone on this aap and you banned me within 12 hours "why'. I am not doing anything wrong on this aap and you banned me. If I have more options to review than I will definitely give you 0/100 . You play with our emotions.
A good app
Continues to say "finding people near you" but never shows me potential matches.  I close the app, re-open it, turn off my GPS then turn it back on and continue to have the same issue. Smh
Can't even get into the app says it's locked even tho I haven't used it yet and won't finish the verification to unlock my account
Keep crashing. Couldnt load my matches. Lag a lot. Couldnt scroll up messages.
I had an active account for a long time but have gotten error messages for 
over a month every time I try to log in. No explanation or anything so it's 
basically useless now
Straight garbage, for many reasons. Not only because the way that this app works is disgusting enough, but that people's accounts are banned and deleted without any explanation, which leads to innocent people unable to use the app anymore, including myself. I had no offensive pictures and nothing wrong in my bio, I hadn't even talked to anyone yet, because my account was deleted THE DAY AFTER I GOT THE APP. I don't know if someone reported me as a joke or what happened, but it's ridiculous. Support is a complete joke, and they basically just give you the middle finger. Probably the worst social media app I've ever used. Congrats Tinder.
Not worth it as a guy they purposely throttle your account so you get like 5 likes a week not matches. Then they charge you twice as much for the boots and premium subscriptions as they do women. App is a scam.
very good
I simply cannot log in. Useless...
Site is a scam, nobody on here talks to you so the app is completely pointless, you can't even use it to make friends. Don't waste your money because most of the profiles are probably inactive or fake. Seems like most people don't even use this app to talk anymore anyway, they use Instagram and Snapchat. We might as well let this thing die already instead of giving the greedy developers anymore money or our time.
is ok can be better just try it and see.
Omo me I love tinder no cap
Knpa suka ada laki pas gua swipe, apa nyuruh gua jd gay atw gay ngaku2 jadi cw?
I cant constantly swipe trying to find the one for the night but nope can't swipe right to much
Best
There are a lot of fake profiles/scammers on here but it's still a great app
Bad experience!!! Il try women's from street !!!!
Profiles disappearing never to be found again, and then "Searching nearby" pops up, forced to reload app to see new people.
Best app
The new update really did it.
I can't log into my account I've tried uninstalling and re-installing yet nothing. Says error. I haven't broken any tinder rules. What's wrong?
Am still waiting for my code sine 4 days oo
Very good aplication !!
Terrible app, horrendous customer service, account was banned for no reason did not break any TOS. Send an email to customer service to find out what happened they don't say why my account was banned. Just a bs automatic response.
Pretty good
Love it
I got banned for using SFW art I had drawn as one of my pictures (just to showcase my art, which I had described in my profile). Apparently, I had violated terms of service for "misrepresentation". Save your money, save your time. Accounts die within two weeks anyway, and the filters aren't in-depth.
I love this app good people meeting good people
Not very good but it's enough
Good
Sempre
nan
Great!
Not bad
nice
I like it a lot
nice app
it does what it was intended to do
False advertising. I have to pay to see who likes me. There are better sites then this one I'm unistalling amd I'm not happy about that
Full of scammers, and the ones that aren't are only looking for sex.
Useless app. Best to spend this money with friends in pub
remove you tinder gold policy....its worst ...its very expensive for us to 
buy it...there are many people who cant afford
The app worked decent before I updated it. Now it just sits there trying to find people in my area when I had no problems last night. I was never able to upload new photos and now the app just doesn't allow me to do anything.
You would meet good and bad people.The good people would want to talk to you and know you as a fabulous person while the bad people want to sleep with you,call you at odd hours to meet you in unsafe places,weird and pediofilic men if you are a lady be safe because the moment they video call you they would show you their male groin.I had the worst experience in the app whichleft me with trauma.Wouldn't recommend anyone this app.FYI:This is a hookup app only
Amazing
Botfest...stay away...3.9 rating and millions of negative reviews should tell you simething
Nice experience
Cant even install...it
Tati madarchood basidi
Im from srilanka
App sucks full LTE and cannot load. Full wifi still cannot process. Restarting phone and re installed app still no better. Your app sucks. DONT WASTE TIME DOWNLOADING.
Use it wisely
Nice one
Awesome
fantastic
Buggy af. Can't link insta or spotify, car update profile, app is currently 
telling everyone I'm both male and female and I can't change it. Tinder, I 
put my social life in your hands, and you're being the WORST WINGMAN EVER.
Bots everywhere
Got a match but every time they messaged me, there were nothing in my inbox. Tried to reinstall, not working. What a pain. I lost contact to several contact I've been friends with
Refund my subscription!!
Should have return for free
Can't log in.  Get your finger out Samsung and fix this error
टीक टोक बहुत से अश्लील चलचित्र प्रचलित है, और सबसे महत्वपूर्ण बात की यह एप्लिकेशन चीन देश का है , जिसने हाल ही में कोरोना जैसी महामारी को पूरे विश्व में फैलाया है , और हम ऐसे देश की अर्थव्यवस्था को मजबूत करने में भागीदारी नहीं देंगे। क्यूंकि इसके कारण हमारे देश को भी जान माल की बहुत हानि हुई है । इसलिए में सभी भारतीयों से यह नम्र निवेदन याचना करता हूं कि जल्द से जल्द सभी भारतीय एकजुट होकर इस तिक टोक को भारत से बहिष्कृत करने में सहयोग दे। धन्यवाद जय हिन्द। जय भारत। वन्दे मतरम्। 🇮🇳 अनिरुद्ध
Thanks
Great!
it's super fun
Good
to match 5raaaaa
Just not much local selection
nobody likes me
Banned after 2 days, re-read the terms of service to confim I didn't violate anything, no way to appeal, not possible to make a new account.
😒
Pretty good but i feel like alot of accounts online arnt in use ive literally swiped right on every person just to see how long it takes for some one to reply and 1 person has accepted in all 3 days even tho she id absolutely stunning she hasnt replied 😣
It's good but I need free super likes
When you search for women, men's profiles are not at the top
This is the buggiest app on the market place..
I downloaded the app, tried to make an account, and when it asked me for a phone number to send a verification number to, it came up with an error, looked for a few tips online, none worked
I'd like to  be able to pull up profiles that I accidentally swiped the wrong way on.
Bugs, bugs and more bugs.. notifications when there aren't any messages or "peek" time (just away to make people aware of the app). The messages you do get is often without.. support? Not unless it's about something you can pay for.. on top it's been watered out, scam profiles that they profit on, distance settings doesn't work etc.
Nice app
Pretty cool until they made me pay to swipe.
Nice
good app
This aap is just making money out of customers, cashing your weakness, most of women profiles are fake profiles or call girls. Most of dating aaps are rediculous and useless, you will loose your money and time.
Very good app
Fake app no response from anyone
Ok.. im already cancel subscription this app but they trying to collect my money again..why?
A majority of the users are scammers or only fans hos. Absolutely no quality control
I love it
Deciced to do again and it's still entertaining, but annoying with the fact that you need to pay to have any success using this app...people like you? Got to pay to see who likes you? Can only get two people to pop up before we can no longer find anybody around you (even though there's at least 2,000 chicks on this app right now where I live)? Pay a subscription fee so our networking team can actually do their jobs. Great concept, terrible maketing management
Used this app in college, the guy I hit it off with and I ended up dating for over a year. Wouldn't have had it any other way.
if the app wasnt so laggy and would load my messages, I'd give it a higher rating. I have the most recently updated version a d it still fails to load.
It won't let me re enter
The algorithm of this app is truly awful. Sets women up to fail instantly. Made a new account and restored a gold purchase. Tinder decided to give my brand new account some insane multi hour boost I never asked for. I'm not really that attractive and got 950 likes in 6 hrs. Even if one of 3 men swiped right, that's nearly 3000 swipes. It takes ONE incel man to hit the report button and ban your account FOR NO REASON. Just awful. Tinder is bound to be just men and bots (ran by men).
Great
I hope there's other payment option especially for those who doesn't have any card
IMHO: Full of fake or inactive accounts and people who try to advertise their "business". They still put as hidden matches people that you previously rejected which is a total fraud. Save your time for something else. Worthless app.
Interesting
Great experience
Can't even talk for free! The only thing I get free is to see people pics and swap and for every other THING YOU PAY! Can't talk to those I've match!
Suddenly asking to re-login but stuck at email verification because it never really sent the email verification code even after resending multiple times.
Quite ok
I don't understand why tinder keeps reinforcing the behavior of superficially swiping without looking at a profile. Right now you have to tap a tiny little button to see the rest of the profile. Tinder should encourage meaningful profiles rather than encourage swiping based on the first picture you see.
Lovely app
don't really have any problems with the app
sema
Cant update bio and info even after repeated deletes and installs and 
logouts
excellent
Can't log in after was updated even after uninstalling and installing it again.
Terrible I got banned for no actual reason
Unable to log in or create an account it says my # has been banned from the app. I've no idea why but feel that to be unfair
This is the best dating app. I have gotten a lot of matches but lately i 
feel like they have putten fake profiles in there and that's it. But yeah 
if your not that good looking your not gonna have any luck on this app. 
Girls here are choosy and thats why i like the app cause its real
Good
Easy.
just swipe no chat this app
Rocking
Sometimes I hit the left swipe trying to view more pics due to slow response from the app.
Good for love
superb application for me
Nice app to find a friend
I am trying to be friends, but its dsnt helps , only i chk whom may know
Feeling it
Awesome app just love it
I enjoyed it until my accounts got banned for no reason?? I didn't go against any terms of service!!
it's worth the time
So long. Was a fun ride until now.
I have new match
Great
Seriously you gotta have Facebook in order to log on to this app. Wow were they do that at.
Good
can't login
Lol had this for months and had no matches
Used it for a couple days was fun but then it said error try again later 
and never worked again. Tried longing out and in and re installing the app. 
Nouthing.
Dont let me log in
i wish i had tinder plus. so far thats the only downside
Best app
Great met a lovely girl thanks 😍😍😍😍
Last like after that since no like I had get
Seems to be more bots than real people.😤
I subscribed to tinder gold and i cant see who liked me back it keeps telling me to upgrade etc can yall help me once this problem is solved ill definitely put at a 5 star
I wonder why I can't enter to the app it says there's a problem on my account. Pls fix it
Not working anymore only show loading and not open anything in application I uninstalled and reinstalled same
Had this app for over a week now and havnt matched with anyone yet haha 🤔
Very nice app for socializing!
Awesome
I can't log in. I've unistalled it several times and tried again but it's not working. Rubbish!
You know when your 21 and its says you under 18 really dumb js especially when u just got gold for it but whatever 😂😂😂
What we need is super likes and passport features to be extended again in these lockdown 💁🏻‍♂️
Aswsome
Crash
Can't log in, and some messages are disappearing. Using it one sec then it tells me I can't login because of Facebook
it's so stupid everything I press on tells me get tinder plus what tinder plus has to do with my location there's few little people using this app in my country which leads me to change my location ...... for me and ofc a lot of people around going to use another app which doesn't care only to gain money 🤑 i feel like it's gold digger app lol
It's funny and easy
nan
Stop showing me people outside my selected age range and bring back the ability for me to see how long it's been since I got a match.
I used to love this app! But it won't lemme sign in anymore, it keeps giving me an error code. Please fix, I miss it.
When the app was free it was fine...I did meet one girl but most matches are fake and I'm not paying 10 dollars a month for likes to match with spam or ever for that matter so make it free again or uninstall may happen.
This was great until the update of November 2016. Now it's impossible to get any matches
Too many bug. Cant even log in with either Phone number nor facebook
super match
Great app does the job every time.
they stole your credit card details and stole your money monthly
I'd like voice capabilities.  Otherwise ok
Meeting others across the world is pretty cool
I install it on my samsung galaxy s5 an tried for 1 week, and no matches. I look and it says is a bug, and to solve it have to create a new facebook. No way...
nice app
After the recent update you can no longer view the person's entire profile by touching the bottom of the screen? People's profiles are now cut off and you can't read everything they have on there.
Enjoy it so far. Love the rewind
Who can pay the fee and use their services others waste of time. Their algorithm is so complicated do use for short time only. Don't expect anything
Good stuff
Great place to be
I find more spam on here than anything. I can never actually find an actual woman to talk to.
It's great
very good app
It's fun to meet new people
Nice app
Sometimes it swipes the wrong way and you can go back to that potential lover
I pay for this app yet it asks me to upgrade my likes. The app limits the amount of times you can swipe right on people per day. Yet it let's you waste your likes on people who are not even actively using the app. Or worse, wasting likes on people who end up being fake and asking you to follow other social media. It's a shame you have to pay money just to be not match with people who do not use the app anymore.
Got banned for no reason
Full of fake profiles, i paid also to try unlimited likes, no response..
It's ok but nobody never wants to meet up
Good app
Am giving it 3 star it's a nice app
It's a great dating app, it takes time to use but overall for me it has been brilliant and fun.
After logging my balance auto debited by this aap and also a worst aap
I've re-download and resigned up for an account several times over the last few months and the same issue keeps happening every time. I'll swipe a bunch close the app and when I come back in all the cards have completely reset like it's the first time I'm opening the app. Way too frustrating DEVS please fix this!!
It's a great app. to find new friends.
its good
New update is much better
They decide to limit your swipes and then charge an outlandish fee for unlimited. And then, the app is glitchy, so I log out and in again and all of my matches are gone. What gives Tinder team???
It's good , needs better messaging notification notice but other than it works
I was blocked for absolutely no reason and this company wont even explain why or validate their claims with substantial information.
I got banned wothout any reason even used my account under gudeline
Very nice app
About the same 30 men that are being circulated over and over. Don't think that any of them are real people. Keep reporting but they keep coming up again.
I have learned more about myself using this than anything else.
The latest update i can not send those notes anymore on super likes. Feels like i wasted my money over purchasing gold membership.
Pls fix super like...... it crashes the app whenever the superliker profile pops up... even when I reboot...... can't swipe until I get out of that region
So far do good no complaints.  The search seems a bit sketchy. If you modify you preferences just slightly then it seems to match someone it should have already shown you.
i subscribed for tinder gild for 1 month and that was it then 2 months later it automatically subscribes me to tinder gold again without me being notified
It's good
Bad experience, Subscription payment auto debit from your account and subscribe automatically for next month without your permission even there is no auto debit option when you payment first time. Be aware when you doing payment for this app. And very worst thing is no match found 😂😂😂😂
I'm 18 and whether or not I use my phone number or my Google account it doesn't let me in even though it sends me the code not impressed
Wont even sign in
Pretty sexist app. Guys can have no pic or pix with other people and women 
cannot bc god forbid men cannot tell who she is.
A bit different, could use some more updates.
I put the wrong age because I didn't understand it restricted me and I tried to change but it blocked me from the site
The verification photo process does not work. App kicks you out of the blue and nothing that works is available to recover your account.
Kesukaan anak indonesia
Great!
They say you must log with Facebook to assure you are and talk to real people. However, Facebook is a huge piece of junk filled with 50% fake accounts. I am a real person and I don't have a Facebook, therefore, this app is junk too. Ill just log in with a fake Facebook.
It's pretty good how it works I guess but wish you could send like a basic message if anything
Awesome
Great
Can't work out the subscription. It says monthly but when i go to subscribe it gose to yearly. I want to pay monthly
Cannot get the requested code app doesn't work would rate 0 stars if possible.  Sgs5 on rogers. Tried uninstall reinstall, nothing works.
I downloaded it, but could not upload pictures. So I uninstalled and reinstalled it, but now phone verification is not going through. Seems like a common problem and complaint.
If I could give no stars I would. Don't use tinder people there are plenty of other dating apps that are better than this sad excuse of an app.
I like the app but it sucks its always stopping or freezing.
I'm not using this app again till it changes a bit. It would be very convenient if i could add photos from my phone and not just directly from facebook. Im not a regular facebook user
I was stupid enough to paid for a month and they cut me before the 30 days because I didn't renew my subscription. That plus / gold subscription is a BS. ... I know that but you stop the subscription before the mouth mark.
Good choice of women.
Everything's good but sometimes likes disappear.... Pls fix
The title says it all. Just another sales platform. I want my money back.
Very bad
Crashes constantly. Used to be good for a laugh but now the algorithms are written by lonely primary school kids & the app designed by people in rehab. Lame.
Doesn't load
Great app, fun aswell..... ;)
Cool
Good
Terribly discriminatory
like the app, now not able to see likes. not cool Tinder.
Brilliant
Worst f this app
The men should be able to messages ladies with out it matching
Lovely
Too much spam and people report over nonsense then you can't even appeal their report to make a new profile. Then they don't give a refund or cancel the subscription after they delete a user's profile.
Everytime I open the app it won't let me sign in. Crappy keep working on it
Women use the app to get attention only
Yup
Good app
Terrible experience had billing issues with you guys. A month subscription was billed as a yearly subscription requested for a refund got rejected despite you guys not even sending an order receipt number for my billing till now you haven't sent one.. Terrible service care
Listen guys, I understand you need to make some money but making me pay to see who likes me? Let's get back to the drawing board, yeah?
Decent
Cool
Whenever I select the plus tab it doesn't opens up
Not many good things come from it, but it's because I have no game
Supper
Absolute garbage app half a dozen pointless notifications on a daily basis. Constantly telling me a have a new match, open the app , no new match, close the app, notification you have a new match. Just goes in lying circles just desperate to get money from you don't waste your time
😒
Useless
Popular for dating,  hook ups or network.
Servers down always. Doesnt work correctly.  90 matchs on plenty of fish to 3 on tinder.  Its not worth spending on.  Its literally broken.
Awesome app!!
Sign in with fb? thought this was something else not fb.
Y not
Use to be a cool app. Get bored with it pretty quickly now that you have to pay to swipe after so many.
timepass for someone nd life for someone
No match only waste of time
Unfairly banned for no reason( no way to get support ) Overall it's a trash app full with bots that bans a legitimate account that had just 2 days xD.
I used it for 2 weeks and got 0 matches and only 2 likes (and no: I did not pay for gold just to see 2 people). Now it's just presenting the same women to me over and over again. Just what is the point?
Nice
Good
Just got back on and feel like i was duped. 4 "likes" in the first 24 hours, so i paid the 50% price for gold. I "like" 2 of the people so i should have 2 matches right? Wrong! Nothing shows up in my matches section. Really wish i had that money back
I've never used the app. Downloaded and it says I'm banned for violations to term and agreement. I'VE NEVER HAD THE APP!! What kinda bs nonsense is this? Try hinge or bumble...
Yas! This app is awesome
This app is incredibly buggy and needs to be optimized for Android users. When editing your profile and going over the character length it begins to become almost entirely unresponsive to the point where you can't even edit it at all. Repeatedly shown people I have already swiped left on.  If they would fix the lag on the profile editor I might like it more, but a profile is one of the most important parts of this app. It's where you make your impression on other people (beyond photos) and to not be able to type and edit it efficiently is incredibly frustrating and not worth the time when there are apps that exist without this issue.
Oops, something went wrong... developers haven't fixed this issue for months now and it's really starting to get annoying. I'll give a higher rating when this gets sorted out.
Money scam
Can't log in
gender selection and gender preference lacks options
Very good app
Ligms
Savageee
So imagine. Libs taking over the platform. Imagine not being able to talk about sex without being banned. Even if it was all done with respect and consent. Imagine a place where people love pokemons. They are allowed to talk about pokeballs, trainers, but don't you dare talk about pokemons! This analogy is because I think this app is ran by frustrated simp boomers.
Nice
Just for fun
Dry. Most gal on here are dead. Dry convos don't know how to draw man properly. Anyhow i get a girl she's either a trans o dry. Can't be assed
Can't view profiles...that's very stupid.
Awesome
Alhamdulillah bisa balikan sama mantan 😘
The support is just awful. Cannot resolve simplest billing problems, worse than chatGPT. Second time I am talking to them and it did not get any better ofr 3 years.
great app wish I could a quick message before match though
Was so shocked by the amount of women in my age bracket (32-48) that use this app. I like the fact that both ppl involved have to hit the like button before a conversation can start. That is the online equivalent of getting positive body language in the real world before you approach a woman. Its not the same of course, but it makes it a lot less awkward than msging a woman that u have no idea would be interested in the first place. Easy to navigate interface. Emoticons can be used in chats. Outstanding!
I love this app😍
😊
App is very bad
verywellmindongo
Login issue last 2 weeks
Fuelvjd
Please update your app its keep crashing and not working properly
boring app ..i have installing but ...no responce ..it always show someting went wrong
All bots or no one is ever on.
Only one match. Really! I'm a pretty good looking guy too
Very good app
The app lies to you to get you to open it. Only useful for supermodels.
Why do I receive msg notifications from my matches but when I open the app, those msgs are nowhere to be seen??
Good
Cool site!!
Catfish, scammer and transvestite central! Has quickly become one of the worst dating apps in the world.
Fake app
One of the best app i have seen in a while
yahoo!
Not a bad app, keeps me occupied when I'm bored
Good
I loved it!
wonderful experience
Save yourself some time and use any other dating app tinder has the worst customer service pollicy ive ever delt with I've used this app for a while I never had any real issues with this app untill recently tinder decided to ban my account for no reason I always try to be a respectfull individual and treat others respectfully when I contacted tenders customer service they basicly said that I didn't break any of the terms of agreement and they don't know why my account was banned
Some here my experience are not good because some people are no respect some are good but I'm thankful dispute behind of us cause I found my fiancee here dating site thanks for all admin here.
Shupar
It's interesting
Good piece of technology.
Works.
App will not let you see your new messages sometimes. Just blank bubbles. Its pretty annoying to not reply to matches
Nice
This suck since 3 month we cant upload picture and the problem isn't fixed yet...
Account get banned after 1-2 days for no reason
Best app to interact with other
love tender
nice app i really love it
Good apps
Shity app
Terrible. Installed and got a few likes but mostly bush pigs. Do far better in real life or just using facebook. Updated and it stopped working altogether. Uninstalled and reinstalled several times. In the end it just doesn't install and chews through heaps of data. Just awful.
great app
I loved the experience and got to meet cool guys and made friends but when I woke they told me to verify my identity then I did then I got my account back but it wasn't the same I couldn't receive messages and they said we are still verifying my account after they told grab a snack while you wait but it took ages after woke up again when you have blocked it that I'm Violenting the rules.when I was polite to everyone and only made who called me for a date is that why you blocked my account 😠
Good app for friendship
Awesome
It's tinder. You know it's good
Doesn't load after last update 2 days ago
Bagus
Lots of loading images and information problems if fixed would be better
Why do i have to log in with Facebook? ??? It doesn't give me another option. I don't want to log in with my Facebook .
I m happy with this app
Lots of good looking people on here. Excellent in Queens Brooklyn and Manhattan!
Worst app ever
Never found any match
Good application, so far I like it.
It very exciting meeting new people
Why would anyone even be here? Premium options are pathetic. Anyone can report you. Conversations might be good but you getting catfished most of the times
If you like scrolling through bots, OF sellers, and IG promoters, this is the app for you! Other than that, this is the largest, glitchiest app I've ever used. You have to completely restart the app to see messages, each message. You see the same handful of people while swiping almost a dozen times. Stick to dive bars and concerts if you wanna actually meet people.
good
Pay wall
Been a solid for years, the moments should've stayed. In my eyes that was the most productive part of tinder, an inside view into the matches, it made it easier to decide whether or not said person fit the bill, it opened a better window into personality, not a left or right swipe.
devdas
cool
Can't log in.!!  Keeps saying try again.... Haven't been able to use it for two weeks now....
Very simple and clean app
Easy to use
I've met some great women
I will just say suggest that when I super a person it should notify a person that a certain person super liked u at least...... But it's ok other than that...
I have just installed tinder and it will not send a verification code to my phone. Does anyone know how to fix this?
love this
Good app
I just try it to prove whether there is a like or not, but the result is I has spent all my like but no one likes back.  Thats great
good
When I could log in it was OK, but I found it hard working because of the difficulties I had logging in
Garbage app that bans your before you even make an account
Log in problem must. Be sorted out for a better use
Don't dowoad this app!!! It is the worst, it's only about money. You will be lucky if you able to match without paying any subscription. A super like doesn't even do anything now. It's all just a hoax to get your money and keep you on the app. I have had one of their subscriptions where I get 5 super likes a day but nothing seems to be different between a super like and a normal one. This app is the absolute worse. Save yourself lot of money and frustration.
Great app
Everytime i close it and later want to open it, it won't open, and i have to clear the data, log in again and then i can use it. What's happening?
Notifications don't always show and the app takes forever to load up properly sometimes but when it works it's good
This app is blighted by the fact that people don't message one another. So the developers thought they would try to be clever and when attempting to message someone, you're told to "Send a [profanity] message already." Really? Is it really appropriate to use that style of language? No it's not. When you add to it all the bots, the start-up flakiness and everything else, if there was a zero score, I'd choose it.
good
settings do not always mean anything
I was banned 3 days after using it, I didn't do anything. I used the tinder help email, I sent many emails and received nothing back.
The app logs you out now and when you try to find possible matches no one comes up!
Overall pretty hilarious
people constantly say to message them first but I literally can't.
Je te
Cannot log in at all via wi-fi or local mobile data connection
Yeah it's alright. 😗
found my person thanks tinder!
need allow to text for boys too after match, as girls
Bad app
fake app just waste of internet data and time.
Have the last 5 matches instantly unmatched me or is this some sort of bug deleting all my new matches
great way
Please delete me
I don't get any matches at all.... explain
The bane of 21st century dating
no matches. too much spam
twitter integration would be nice. I haven't touched my facebook for years. Also tend to lag with chats. I get notifications a good 30 sec before the message appears.                                  As  android L is concerned, there seems to be a weird static over the images both the ones were you swipe and the moments. Only comes up on occation. Also theres a bug that force closes the app roughly 45 sec in. Occurs on 4.4.4 and android L.
Best
Its alright just give me a day or two before pestering me to rate it.
Loaded with fake accounts and spams trying to get profile info. Other than tht, the app does an amazing job. Just be careful out there.
Greatest application around for dating and friendship.
Unable to update profile. Every time when i try to update profile it says 
Unable to update profile at this moment. Please try again later. PS: I have 
the latest version of the app.
Makes meeting people and planning dates easy.
Subscribed...does not work...emailed them.sent screen shots ofy purchase...still wont work...emailed them numerous times...with no help
You have to pay for everything
Ngl these hoes are cold
Currently just a platform for marketing bots, data miners and free advertising for escort services. Waste of time.
excellent
Pure fun
After the update your app is wanting way to much info to log in, thanks for the change I will now delete your app.
Horrible! It is supposed to be easy but it is not. Also some serious security issues. You have to give your phone number for verification and give up your location which is an absolute no-go!! Without, you can not use the app. Sure you can hide your location from others, but the system still "needs" it. Also... the prices are quite high, for nothing.
not getting single match
Please don't download this app as it just bans the profile out of the blue without even stating the reasons and asking what went wrong.Even it doesn't have a remedy if you get banned once.
It's fun really, it's just hard to take as a serious dating app
This application is amazing I have made so many important friends and honestly the privacy is over the top am a huge fan for tinder I wish I was their ambassador I can sell this app better than anyone
I love tinder
this app has suddenly got terrible over the last few weeks . I used to reliably get about 10 matches a week. but now its been 5 in nearly a month. also don't pay for gold, when i used to have its potential matches were real people. now everyone that pops up is a bot 1700 miles away. don't pay for this app.
Good
Kinda like hot or not but you get the opportunity to chat with them.
I just got banned for no reason
I alrd used tinder before, made an account. Then when i wanna log in back. It says im underage?!?!. Altho im officially 18? Your app sucks
Cool app
All my matches have disappeared and I keep having to reinstall the app every time I get a message because my matches are empty when I re-enter the app
Good app
Can't delete account
Fake app
No problems yet.
Awesome
😎cool
Okay
nice
I stand by this app. It's a good dating app
It's fun if you're that bored lol
Good aplicattion and easy to use.
For those male friend you don't want to diss, and don't want to bone.
Cool app. Met some nice people. Thanks Tinder
Fast and tasted
Waste app
nan
Good app
Lots of hoes
Yep
Good
Maine abhi just Flipkart se one month tinder plus ka coupon redeem kiya but Mai use tinder Mai use nahi kr pa raha hu , because waha koi option he nahi hai coupon use ka Please tell me the procedure please
nice app
I got banned for no reason just like so many others. My ex reported me and that was that, no follow up just straight up banned.
Why is it so hard to get the verification code? Pls fix it a.s.a.p
Stabbin cabin 101.
Works well
Guay
Would definitely recommend!
Not able to get Tinder to only show people who are in my distance range 😡
good site have tLked to some people but really w be better if you could msg people with out paying if you match
Ok
NAGBABAN NG ACC FOR NOTHING !!
Its really amazing!
It's a Bad Experience administration.. Login error... For the past few weeks. It was working fine for the last 2 - 3 months.. But for the last 2 weeks.... It is having login errors... Oops notification... Etc.. Tried re-installing.. But no use
Great app
Sorry but this app is just not ok I feel like I've been banned and not been told I feel like that because I got like 6-7 matches (4 of them being friends I know) and then like no matches for a year.
Very good
Despite installing/ uninstalling several times, the app is not opening and only showing a white screen. Any help!
All was fine except i made a purchase 6 months ago..and i just found out i been paying every month for it. I only noticed cuz i lost my job and i cant afford to spend any money. So i dont use my card at all. So when i saw a transaction from it i thought i was hacked. Says it was from tinder. If they fix it and refund this months payment ill give it a real review.. And now il atleast be able to testify on their customer service as well. If you read this msg- that means they havnt corrected the pro
Everything requires a paywall now. Wanna send likes? Op, pay for it. Wanna ever match with someone? Oop, pay for it. They literally hid matches from me, trying to get me to pay for gold ( which is now different then what it was, an more expensive).
Wish they gave people who don't pay the same chances
I installed the app and tried to sign in using fb since thats the only way but its not going through... i uninstall and reinstall but still not working.. plsss help
Nice
People don't take it seriously
Good Application
Super
My findings after having this app several months, is that although you will have over 99 likes, the app won't show these people to you unless you pay the subscription . Essentially if you have this without paying, it will seem to function properly but you will not get matches. Sadly this app is incredibly popular but not worth your time. Oh on tip of this, this app is highly used to advertise escort agencies and the like.
I don't have experience
paid for premium, attempted to use a boost. It appeared to not be working, however 30 minutes later I was notified it was over. waste of my money, will not use this service again
Not bad
Good too experience but many are not serious
not good because i can't open even i try so many times
It's a good app. Cool people and smooth and easy to use. :)
Nice app
it wouls wirk better if i wasnt so awkward lol
Its ight
Nice apps
🗑
Pls do something or else get 1 star
No pair for free version its just money trap. SCAM!
this app sucks 😑 can't even access my account and it really annoys me when the damn app slows my internet speed thank God i didn't pay for the subscription...., NOT HAPPY AT ALL!!!!!!!!!
I was banned for the app for no reason at all. No reason. I can't appeal the decision or know why I was banned. That is truly atrocious...
Not interested
Watse of time and waste of money... They are just looting money 😡
Really toxic app. If you get reported by some homophobes because of how you identify and they dont think you should be allowed to use tinder the team behind tinder will tell you they arent willing to even listen to what happened and you're banned for life. Cant believe in 2021 a business can get away with stuff like this
Just enable GPS during search. I prefer not to search every time I open the app
I had a profile for the longest time and finally decided to pay for the premium subscription and two days later without warning I got banned without an explanation. They literally took my money and ran what kind of people do that?
best
Honestly, i really shouldn't have to know when i can open the app and have it work (only seems to open over WiFi) but this isnt just a bug on my phone, I've had it on 3 others. It's silly, really silly
Bit expensive, but worth it...
cant message without paying. f^&* off with this bs
super
Almost only paid app, whatever you want to do in this app asks for money. Sucks.
Im just ugly, non of these people actually like me back.
Expensive and useless
to many fake accounts
Its good
I like it
It great
I love it
There's a glitch where it no longer finds matches. Just keeps searching, and the tinder support staff cannot fix it.
Good
Poor no matched out of 50 always wrong age
Made my account last night after trying for 2 days to set it up. After finally getting it set up swiping a few times my account went under review and was banned for no reason.
It's a complete fake app. They will prepare a fake profile enable to push you for subscription. Don't take any subscription. Totally fake
Just up graded and know it won't let me in
Worst experience in upgrading my account. Always shows failure in Payment while trying to get membership.
App won't work anymore no matter how much I install and uninstall it.
very expensive for a dating app
Good.great.recomended
wont let me log in keeps saying trouble logging in error 40303 then a couple of days later my account was banned for no reason
having gd times
I mean it works.. If you pay for it. Was good till they randomly banned me, 
considering that I was paying for it they could've at least gave me a 
warning before just deleting my account, along with taking my money.
Wonderful application..
Fake accounts are everywhere. Somehow I'm banned? Just go talk to girls in real life. I've had much better conversion rates going to the mall than using this app.
Wah
Ok
I love this platform
Not satisfied with Tinder... will not recommend anyone
crashes. doesn't give me notifications. won't allow me to respond to messages. have to keep uninstalling & reinstalling. trash. not worth paying for.
Love
I have been on Tinder a couple of weeks now and only had a couple of matches, there must be a fault with Tinder.
The boosts are expensive, tinder gold lets you see when you get a like but after a boost i cant see them. They're just gone, what the hell?
this application always banned my account even you didnt get a match and talk to others and said i violate the rules so f*bad
intriguing
Would b great except I can't see messages and when I click on settings the app crashes. Any ideas why/what to do?
Good
My account was banned for no reason at all
Account got blocked and band for doing nothing wrong that is discrimination. I followed all the rules and guidelines
Just having fun
Good apps
it banned me for no reason
When all else fail, have faith in Tinder.
it's work
It's ok so far
Gud
Nice and very helpful..........
owesome
It's cool at first, but after a while it stops showing you to as many people. And holds back matches...
The team's not very effective in rectifying glitches..job doesn't show up from facebook Also, the customer care is not as effective as you'd expect especially for premium users
Can't read bios anymore, try to tap for it and the pictures bounce back and forth. Way too many fake bios.
It's,a pretty good app. Just to many suspect robots. And it should be free. Completely free
Quite an easy and straight forward app to use and results are always impressive
I do not know why my account was suspended i never violeted any of the rules. Is it beacause i am using the unpaid version
Easy, thanks
I get matched up with Bots 90% of the time..this app is useless
Blocked for no reason off of tinder, no broken rules in the terms and conditions, staff are terrible to deal with when i asked for the reason i was blocked off tinder they couldnt come up with any reasoning whatsoever, absolutely terrible to deal with.
Cool
it is completely pay to use don't say oh its free I tried it in order to get matched you need to pay total waste of time
Good app idea in general, but too many fake people and tool bags. Great in idea, bad in practice
Poor, not able to get tinder gold
Best app ive ever seen u make it so easy.thnx
Way too many bugs for a app that shouldn't be to hard to manage .
Good
Very bad app
No matter what I do most of my matches are from downstate, NYC area, which is over 4 hours away...definitely not within a 20 mile radius...
Great
Battery hog
After putting my phone number I received a noticification that there was an error code 40314 and I did not have any message for the code to log in
Please fix this app...your last 2 updates are too much annoying.. can't see the text message from the opposite person. received msg isn't in the format. getting the messages but text isn't visible so can't read. Please fix these issues soon!
im not good at this game
This app is the worst dating app ever, period! I was banned, with no warning whatsoever, because my in my profile picture I was wearing a hoodie with an American flag on it, or at least that's what I'm guessing. Besides that, it's nothing but "Pay to see your matches". This app is pure garbage, and I'll be sure to never use their services again
Good app,will recommend for others...but please make more featurres free,please...
I have been trying to update my details since months now..always shows an 
error...can anyone help me update my personal details..it's annoying
Good for meeting new friends in a new city/country
Just awsome
So far its..ok
Very bad app doesn't work in Pakistan my app doesn't open and not register
Fake app..every time I try to upload my profile pic it is not letting me, it is saying ' failed to upload your picture please try after sometime..i hv tried more then 20 times!. Half of my days got over just by trying to upload my profile pic.. '..this deserve negative rating not even '0'!
Account got blocked so without violating tinder
Great app
It shows I have 10+ likes waiting, but none of them ever come up.
Amazing
I hate the fact you have to pay the full amount for tinder plus or tinder gold. It should allow monthly payments! And I don't like that you don't get a couple of free rewinds anymore!
Can't add any pics even with the update!
only if its a "F2P" apps
Dont buy this app because many profiles are fake nd jst a time wasting app ! DONT BUY THIS APP
Great
Good
Use to be good but now down the drain
ok
Tinder was the final confirmation that I would die without a sexual fulfilling life. Used it briefly in 2015 & never got a date. Nothing but pretentious fake profiles & bots. Lost all hope for Americam promiscuity & American relationships for that matter. I can never find anyone at work & I never go to nightclubs. 'Quagmire uses Tinder' on YouTube is making me follow-up now in 2017 but I can see that nothing has changed. Uninstalled until I hear news that the app is better. Carpe Diem.
Easy to use n efective
Good app.
Amazing app awsome people
Freezes and crashes every time o try to edit my settings (like distance and age) 😒 It also keeps telling me I received a message but when I go look there's no change. I think this may be a glitch or something.
Keeps on crashing. Cant even use it right now
Doesn't create account
Good
don't ask always for upgrade gold / plus membership.
Can't use tinder with location turned off now - huge privacy violation, application now wants my phone number and to be able to make and manage calls - privacy scope just getting worse and worse
This app is just for making fool to everyone
Pie is easy to figure out, just like this app.
Put transgender/lesbian option on Gender. 60% of females now in tinder have p*nis
I hate tinder. It never worked for me, so I uninstalled not to waste more of my time. Walking up to girls in real life works much better and is more fun. And that's what real men do.
it's fine to date girls here
You guys are Cheater..... I have subscribed this, I have pay for it rupe 520 but after that you guys banned my account..... Why? And there is no option to cancel the subscription for me....... I'm trying to log in to my account a lot of time but you guys are really cheap and Cheater..... Your policys are fake and useless..... I'm very disappointed..... I want my money back..... I'll never forgive you guys..... You guys are hurting me a lot......
This app is good at all time
Great dating app. Nice people I just join and i'm happy with it. I have meet some nice guys on this app. Tinder is were you can meet good people And hope you find you love and best frined on Tinder.
Age group  needs to be lowerd to 16
New here and enjoying it. Good job Tinder👍
Since two weeks i cant use it..it's just faulty programme and you guys dont fix it..dont bother to download
Unhelpful support; Ex girlfriend redownload tinder on my phone during a bipolar episode and apparently put something bad. Deleted it immediately but opened it a few months after breaking up to discover I've been banned, tried to message support to find out what she put and to get unbanned. They told me no can do.
I don't like the new update.. I tried to log but I can't because of the verification process I chose the correct pictures but still on repeat
Identity control would be nice, the verified status is completely useless..... 50% or more are fake profiles and scams. I'm sure Tinder doesn't care because the scammers are probably paying some....
It keeps crashing and not letting me log in.
I'm having fun.
Nice aap
Pretty good way to meet new people, with weeding out crazy ones
so tell me why my app has been having issues all week, my account has been having issues all week... I can't match with anyone..I can't get new likes..I disappear from people's inbox.. I've been messaging their useless customer support all goddman week. They said that's all the support they can offer.customer support basically said get fked and that I can't even get a refund for my t platinum?! Like you guys won't even fix my account but also are keeping my money? Extreme amounts of horse sh. T
Since when do you have to pay to see who has liked you. How do I talk to my matches if I can't see them??
do not download
Possibility matchnya terlalu kecil
I can't logging in...why?? Thr is a prob with login  showing!
Nice
got my first date
Good but not very result oriented
Subscription charged on the 6th of August and renewal for tinder gold is on the 26th August It means im paying for 20 odd days rather than a 30 days subscription?
Nice
I got this app today and my account has been under review maybe 4 different times. I have no bio and verified my account.
Bots bots bots and more bots. Did I mention bots?
Garbage aap tinder
Not so good app this
Love this app i think a voice app wold b real nice in case dont wana tex some new for the new year to come?
They must really want to sell my info bad. Each time I open the app, I have to again refuse the same things. Annoying af. No more free daily super like, now you pay 30€ to get 5 super likes per week. Lolz. Okay. It is pay to kind of an app nowadays boys. Good luck.
so many scammers here . some men are using female pics to scam people here
cuz payment is only online
Good
Fake profile
My account has been banned but i havent violated any rules. Why is tinder doing this to me???
great and fun
It's great. Can't complain
very helpful, needs a function for video calls and send pictures
Basically a cover to steal from normal people. Thousands including myself have been banned and when asked for an explanation one is never forthcoming from the company. They take your subscription, ban you for no reason and keep the payment. Unbelievable tactics. Avoid avoid!
I would love to join this community but it keeps on saying that I can't log into it. Please. Why does it keep on doing it. This is annoying
Absolutely terrible. Will not send me a code to even use the app. I've emailed the creators SEVERAL times and nothing has been fixed.
Good
Inequality
This app has basically turned into one of those "Hot Singles Near You: Chat Now" popup adds. I want to ballpark that 9 out of 10 profiles are fake or curated to appear like they are an active user. Tinder, I live in a neighborhood that is mostly retired seniors, I know for a fact there aren't this many attractive 20 year olds 1km away from me. This app has been dying for years, and I can say with certainty that it is dead now.
It works !
Does what its supposed to do most of the time
It's good to meet some new people really enjoy it
Found the most beautiful woman on here, we've been together 2 years now
very good app
Nice!!!
Very playful
They'll ban you for no reason and with out warning
Usually love it
Beware of the people you meet I matched with a girl here on tinder mind you I'm a boy I said no hookups or dating on my profile I'm just looking to hangout She said ok so she said how about we meet up at a restaurant I said ok so I meet her at a restaurant she came well dress a few hours down the road she wanted to have sex in the restroom not even a day or a week a month nope only a few hours I told her thanks but I'm just looking for friends to hangout and have some fun she was mad .
mantap
I can't sign up. Many times I add my phone number and never get text messages (code).
I've personally love this app my first time using starting this year
Good
Swiping. In. America?
Good so far
I haven't had much of an opportunity to use it yet, but I like it.  It's simple, easy to use and understand.  Don't know about the results.
Problems with this site is, outdated profiles of women on here that doesn't have a profiles filled out and the other is outdated pictures of the 70s. Waist of time in here for sure.
Great app
You have to have a Facebook account to log into app. I do not use Facebook. Uninstalled
nice 👍
This apps is so stupid
I was banned for no reason. I didn't do or say anything offensive in my bio or pics but Tinder can't give me a reason or example why I was banned. Seems shady.
There's more bots and fake profiles than there are real people. Also when I get a new match sometimes it doesn't show up in my new matches
Only works if you have facebook.  Really stupid don't waste your time
amazing I like it
More lesbians please
Can't even log on and make a profile suspect just spam application only works with wifi not data even if you put a 5 mile radius still getting people from hundreds of miles away same pictures show up many times number of swipes you can do is too limited unless you pay to use. Total waste of time installing
Totes random. You MIGHT get lucky. You might not. Maybe you'll get scammed. Maybe you'll find The One.
Created account, Banned in less than 10 hours for no apparent reason, had not even chatted with anyone
Nice app
it wont let me sign in it just says log out or stay logged in and it just shows the same picture like when you just open it i dont like it at all
no right swaps
Can't install. Says not enough storage space?! But I've got 500+mb free...
you revoked the unlimited right to swipe???n
Very nice app to get stuff around you
Super nice app
This app has turned into a useless gimmick. Every guy likes every girl they see. unless you look like a movie star or have cash coming out of your ears you won't get a message back. Also, myself and MANY others have found it IMPOSSIBLE TO CANCEL THE TINDER PLUS SUBSCRIPTION. It won't show up in google subscriptions and there's no way to cancel in the app or on the website. They have no call center or email contact that I can find to help me address this issue. Go meet people irl instead.
Pretty good "meet up" app
Not worth it
Very good use full app
Time waste Not worth to spend your time
Ghante ka app hai.... Sab fake account.. koi pat nahi rahi...
Waste of time...!!
Recommended by a friend. Thought of trying it out. So far, so good. Haven't been on it long enough to rate it higher.
Not too bad not too good
Good way to kill time. Meet some interesting ppl and some not so interesting ppl. But that's life.
App loads and all I get is a white screen. I've tried reinstalling..
Log in error and randomly banned. I wonder why I cannot log into my account even though I created a new one which my previous one was banned from the platform.
Very nice
To each it's own.
Install and uninstall depend on my own decision why are you banned my account.and show me which kind of violence I created.So disgusting apps
Straight to the point and simple, great job..
Nice app, but not reply from anyone
Found my soulmate, will be planning a wedding in near future
Apparently you have to pay to play now! This app now sucks, its bullshit you have to pay! Suck it tinder!!!!!
can not cancel cc billing...
Nice dating app
Not sure
If you know what you are doing then you are going to get results.
Whatever you guys did with this update messed the app up. Updated, it kicked out, won't allow me to log back in.
Cant put up a moment (android phone)
Cant use tender unless you have a Facebook...plus you pay for extra likes
It sucks. There's always a problem logging in. Tsk
Clearly u developer dont give a crap about what ur users actually comment when we rate ur apps... If u did, u wouldve fixed the local refresh bullshit by now. Literally, whether im connected to wifi, or using my mobile data, after EVERY SINGLE PROFILE, i have to restart the stupid app because it desides to start the "finding people near u" thing, even though im sitting on my damn couch! DEVELOPERS, show u care and fix this, or stop releasing updates for a BROKEN app. IDIOTS
I don-t know what can I say  abythi more than thanks
Meet
Cant change/upload pics
Free my ass. But well see
good jawn
I am using this app about 5 months but no likes so far.
i was banned for no reason. no reason at all. didn't talk that much, had only photos of my face, I'm +18, never harassed nor spamed likes. i'm pretty sure i only liked 50 people in over two weeks i had been using it. i also know so many people that have been banned for no reason and support really doesn't care at all. great
🔥
Meh, getting phantom likes so I'd use the app. Discouraging.
Won't let me login over a 4g network. Please fix.
Cool girls, very simple. I enjoy it.
V dun get ny matches unless v r a paid user.
Tinder is the only answer to ending cake mixing!! Period. Lol👫👍
Easy roots
I met one girl and she was great but now she my 7th victim of murder spree hehe I'm looking for 8th come hit me up ladies
great app
Aight, let me put it this way. You will be able to buy cookies from the cookie aisle in a grocery store, but the labels are all the same color and you have no idea where your favorite cookie is... Tinder maybe help a lady out and provide a small background of questions (or suggestions for others to put in bio like if they have children or if they are completely against same-sex marriage)pre-swipe so I can find my favorite cookie. One last thing, why do we hit get the privilege to know last names?
Does not even let you log in most of the times. If I get logged in by any chance it matches me with people from the other side of the globe even though ive set my radius to 30 km. Chat is jumping up and down meaning you have to scroll constantly to see what peeps been writing. Quite annoying.
Good
bakchod app ..waste of time and money! return my money back i will improve the rating.
👍
Why the hell did you get rid of the the moments... It sucks now.
How am I gonna enjoy this app when it crashes all the time?
It keeps freezing, freezing is not good.
This is bad app my account was banned .how unbanned no option
I would like to use and definitely abuse this app. ;)
Not one open minded globe skeptic.  Not everything has to be about sex.  The shape of the earth is still up for debate.  Flat earth never dies!
Banned the premium account ..I had paid 1800 and then after few matches I have been banned ..that's unfair .remove my ban if there is any mistake by my side .. am a old user ..
The women here feel free to love
Good stuff
nice
It's great for screening that's why i rate it with 4 stars. But i was informed by several men they used it just to hook up for the moment-- not to find someone out there to build a relationship and a possible future. I'm not interest in the meat  market this potrays...I'm out of here!
It's cool
How do you ban people and not give a second chance, so I have to throw away my phone and get another. St@pid policy. Use to be the best dating app I know, but it turns out it's just as trash as most of the others. So an Appeal cannot be submitted for banned account?? SMH
You should add a mandatory weight scale so we know we aren't going to get catfished
No quality profiles and plans are very costly
There was a problem loading into my tinder account
The app has changed my life.
Makes connecting with... new guys a simple and quick....
Great so far
Nice
Can you stop taking money out of my account! I don't have a subscription or anything. DODGEY!!!!
I joined tender as a mistake, please cancel my account
so good !!
I got banned for being Underage. As of today 30.09.2020, I am officially 18. Can I have my account back?
I like this APK.
It's a dating site just like any other. There are many more guys and there are women and you're always wondering if the women are even real however I have met real people on here there are real people on here I've gone on dates. it is not a hookup generator. you get out what you put into it and my only complaint is that it's too expensivefor premium however that is not required to use. I'm updating this as I've swipedL accidentally on a girl that I really really wanted to meet and talk to.
Awesome app
Premium plan is to expensive, for what it is, te filters for distance didn't work properly
Not enough responses
Can't log in
Good
Liked it!
Not work. Even when you pay a subscription you don't have any match they are just waiting to you spend money. Girls just looking for you to subscribe in onlyfans so don't expect someone to hang out. So don't bother in get the app everything here is a joke. Back to the old school and go out that's a better way to get to know people and you don't have to pay for that.
Beautiful ❤️
Its an easy and fun app to use. The only issue is some of the people you match with aren't actually up for a relationship or catfish you but irs a good way to make new friends.
There should really be an option to restrict to the country for those swiping near the border
So bad and very unfortunate that my account has been banned for no reason
Horrible experience. Purchased gold and got charged 5times. They don't have a helpline. Reached out via email and no response. None of the amount has been debitted. Frauds
This app
waste of time cant even say hello or see who likes you
It makes me feel human again after losing my career my marriage and my family.
A the end of the day its all about  the back and forth all the comments and feedbacks from people. This is what I like about Tinder.
This is great app
Sad is the day when an Ex has the power to get you banned. Tinder you do zero investigating into false claims that people have breached t&cs ..but seem to be okay to allow underage children to have profiles ?
This app is filled with mostly fake profiles! Better off going to POF
It's hit or miss for me but it has stood the time
Ok
90% unverified spam bots. If they have their Snapchat name on their profile it's 80% of the time a fake spam bot profile, the other 20% is girls selling premium Snapchat with links to onlyfans. Please perge and make every profile verify.
Still not good with no innovation
My husband and I found each other on this app. I was a cashier at sams club and he would always come through my line but he never had the guts to say anything to me. We were matched on tinder and started talking and I realized who he was and now 5 months later we are engaged!
Swipe left or right wat the difference the person could be anyone
Awesome date app. I have matched several new friends...
Poor service!!!!!!! Once i got payed for subscription. My account just got banned. I cannot open it and i cannot sign up for another account also. I JUST WANT MY MONEY BACK¡!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hey Tinder! Tell me why I was banned!! I dont know what I did wrong!!
Decent app
good but should be free for everything in my opinion
Good
Awesome
Fun
Don't buy this apps without permission debit my account money please refund my money no neend your fake apps so pls refund my money
Mostly fake profiles and the occasional honey trap
Edit: made a new account and was blocked after 12 hours normal use for no reason. Buyer beware spending money on this garbage app... can't even super like now. Use it for 2 mins and you're out of likes. If you meet someone they don't make money off you so it's purposely designed not to work
Great chat meet and have fun
Matched, and met plenty of chicas via this app. Godspeed Tinder, youve my heart.
Good for finding new people... but i think you should ad a section for transgender and gay. Nothing against them. But some try to play streight men...
This app freezes if I get a message and I'm doing something else!!  Message back quick!  Especially having more than one conversation,  because it's about to freeze and you won't remember what you almost sent...
I wish there was a way to filter profiles based on languages and/or nationality like on bumble. It's hard to find people who are same nationality and speak same lanaguage to meet.
tinder isnt loading any of my matches. i was in the middle of great conversations when tinder decided to stop working. severly dissapointed. wont be reccommending this app!
Cant upload or change pictures
Great. Bobble bobble bobble
App suddenly doesnt load in. After a reinstall attempt cant log in at all (erroer 5000?)
Yay
I'm being charged for 2 months of tinder when I had canceled the account two months afo. It says I don't even have a subscription with tinder so I can't even cancelle the transaction.
You have to pay to see msgs an you can't delete account it gives you the option to but at the end of deleting it don't give an option too
I love it
N/a
This app sucks. There's nothing to it yet somehow my resources have been gone since I installed it. I'm sick of having to be connected to location instead being able to set my location and go from there if I'm not out of town. And you want me to buy the premium version? I'm good. You should maybe just scrap this app it's pretty awful. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go back to making it through the day without having to charge my device.
So it's a dumb app. ;)
Love it
Пушка гонка
Like PoF, there is plenty of phish. Everything requires payments. The typical "someone likes you. Upgrade now to see" when it's nothing more than a fake account baiting you into buying a membership.
Bang hella randos
I honestly don't get how this app is even supposed to work. If people like you, you have to pay for them to show up at all it seems which is backwards for a dating app. Bumble at least will put people who like you towards the front of the queue most of the time even though they do the same scummy and backwards things tinder does. What is with these "dating" apps being so useless. The only one that I have had a little luck with and doesn't seem that bad is "Boo" but the population is small.
Trying to figure this thing out
Fun
while you can see and go through a rapid amount of profiles, you dont yield results you want or need. your face is only considered in a moment before a swipe. It is very apparent after using this for several months that people only swipe if you are physically attractive, and for the people that do match, it's hard to even get a conversation going. perhaps if I was beautiful this app would be for me, but alas looks are everything these days.
good app
Cant even log in. Tried logging in everyday but it says error everytime I tried to.
This app is wrost and full time west, take subscribe after not any results only many west
Great app
Horrible support and not helpful at all. Since weeks, I can't delete my account by my own and the support isn't responding since weeks after a couple of tickets I wrote. Unbelievable. Not really service oriented. The whole app and the backend has so many bugs and major issues. Incredible to aks for money for this. Really poor. I could talk to my hairdresser and this would be more helpful as to contact the support. Such an incompetence.
Only works on WiFi
You have to buy stuff then only you can view your like.. It should have 
been free.. It's a money sucking app which cashes on your weed of love sex 
and fun.
Can't login to Instagram using Facebook login
I have "push notifications" on, yet when I receive messages, I'm not notified by the flame logo in the top left. Trying to make plans with a match for that day but I had no idea she responded. Still too many fake ads. It's just about time to try another dating app.
Great app for make new friends or just for fun
Problem with Iran simcarts
It crashes everytime
zero matchs....seems like this app only wants ur money with every button u push and alot of people seem fake
I think  it's  used less
Was receiving like notifications on my phone a day after I had deleted my Tinder profile and signed out of the app. I opened the app and sure enough it was not signed in, wondering why I was seeing the notifications.
Only time waste app
The "Something went wrong" thing is so Annoying. Before Tinder is not like this. Can log in easy, but now can't log in. It's been a month or two since this problem occur. Please fix it? Thanks you. I love tinder.
Awesome app
I'm unable to connect my Instagram to my profile or update my company and schooling. Current as of 02/07/22
It sucks all the women are take accounts
I've met plenty of cool women on this app and even had 2 short relationships where we both are still friends. To be honest, just don't be a creep and be respectful to the other members and you'll be ok................. Update 10/4/21 still agree.Dont just speed swpie, make a good choice. Some women want ONS some want Buddies soms are gonna date you for a few weeks or months. Just dont be a creep drooling for a lay and have 0 game fellas. Be reapectful the women wanna have fun to fam.
Half of the profiles are definitely inactive or fake. Women these days just don't engage or seem to put in any effort at all. Left swipes are put back into rotation, instead of being hidden forever. Sub is overpriced and overrated. It made no difference. As soon as your sub ends, they will begin to show you likes from months ago in a bid to make you sub again, even though I've been sat for months with no matches. Dishonest and an absolute scam. 5* reviews are clearly fake as well.
i keep getting notifications for messages, but nothing is loading in my chat pane
It sucks that i gotta sign in using facebook, i want to sign in using seperate e mail, uninstalled.
Tinder now asking me to verify phone number daily? Why? One verification is all it takes. Fix this or the rating is going to fall.
Love this app
Great app
Tinder anabled me to meet interesting people, have some adventurous fun and in the end, I found the one I was looking for to share my life with😃
I DIDNT UPGRADE THE ACCOUNT. I CAN NOT EVEN SEE MUTUAL LIKES AND CHATS. I JUST GET NOTIFICATION OF MUTUAL LIKES AND MESSAGES BUT WHEN I OPEN MY APP NOTHING IS VISIBLE. JUST FOOLING PEOPLE AND WANT THEM TO UPGRADE. DO NOT RECCOMEND IT AT ALL.
good for its purpose
Made a profile, no swipes register, every time close the app all the profiles are back. Been on for about 3 days and keeps showing same people swiping does nothing. Seems like a common bug when you google it with no fix.
Signed up to it yesterday and now I can't even get online major bug alert
Don't buy anything on app . They will ban you without a reason.
Nice app
Charging now. When free before. I'm out!
I can't load the app at all. It's happened a few times before, but now it won't even load anything but a white screen. Need to look at what's going on with it.
Can't reply to matches - continually losing connectivity.  Are the developers North Korean by chance?
it's dumb because if it's not near u it won't find anyone and nobody in Jamaica uses this😭😭
I have an android phone, and I can't even get it to send me a verification for my phone number. Keeps telling me " there was an error, try again. " Still having the same problem even after the android fixes. I would really like to at some point be able to use this app ......
Nice app
Updated version is not working...
Its Alright
Great 🥰
Prefer the tap for next picture over scrolling as bumble uses. Though I wish you could send pictures in chat as you can with bumble. If you're able to then it needs to be easier cuz I haven't found that function yet.
Love it but please have a voice note sending and image sharing option.. all this typing is so tedious and very limiting
Good App
Great chicks
It says 17+ and I'm 17 but requires you to be 18 and if you arent it bans your number, your Facebook, your email, and if you try to sign up again, it bans your network or IP address. There is no way of contacting them for a fix. There goes my chances of finding people. App SUCKS!
good
I can't think of HOW they would do it... but Tinder really needs to find a way of filtering out all the spam and bogus profiles
Meet the new friend for changing the experience. There are some bug and still lag in some case
The app banned me years ago and i Still dont know why
Just got banned for no reason. Really annoying...
Dope
greatful
I think Tinder is great but I dislike the fact it works ONLY with facebook . No facebook, no tinder?  I never liked facebook.
Fake app, Fake profiles, so bad in all possible ways, no classification,
What kind of subscription u guies needed i purchase gold membership again they need payment after payment...fraud aap... Google baan this nd return my money
This app doesnt understand humor. I was banned after creating an account for my sister's cat Pongo...im not stupid its boredom symptom for pamdemic syndrome
Can't even open profiles anymore.
Good apps
fairly good
no matches
My profile has been under review for over a day now. Nothing appears to happen. That totally ruined the experience.
I've never gotten a date on this site and never will it's just full of scam ladies and p*** ladies and nonsense it's really not a lot of fun.
Great
Terrible terms of service and support for paying subscribers. Swindled me out if my subscription, bans people for vagueries, no appeals. Mediocre/bad resource for women. A shame there isn't a viable competitor out there.
Nothing can be good rather than Great 😆 .
I keep accidentally hitting that annoying blue banner that randomly pops up suggesting I super like someone. The banner acts as a button and causes me to super like someone I'm not actually interested in.
You have to pay 10 dollars a month now wth
Waste of time. Notification shows new matches on my profile but when i try to check them 0...
Whatever you do dont buy their memberships. Tinder has decided within my first month of membership to remove 5 daily superlikes. Claiming its to stay simple and fun. You know whats not simple and fun having to email them repeatedly to reinstate a feature I payed for, which they refused. Save your money.
The app works as advertised except for rare strange glitches here and there. The people? well... they're people. :p
I know my network is connected good.....I know my fb works....I don't see the problem. Yet I'm still not allowed in
Was working great till I updated it and now I can't get into it at all. Delete my profile please.
Not good
Doesn't work on the galaxy s7
Pretty cool app
Used to be a good app but now it's a total cash grab you won't get matches unless you pay
Tinder became greedy. They increased price. Removed daily super like and removed 5 super likes for a day on tinder gold and replaceed it with 5 super likes per week. It was useful in the past but not anymore.
SCAMLIKEY !!!!! This app is unsettling and very rude . I never got to meet anyone or talk to anyone. I uploaded two pictures of me and then started liking pictures of prospects. The next day I tried to log in of only been on the app for a day they made me do some weird verification to see if I was human then banned my page. They didn't tell me why or anything thank God I didn't give them my money they are a scam.
Wont let you log in after a while,no tech support options will work,no person to call to help you fix the problem,they just want your money.
I didn't like this app. As there is lots of problems in it all around.
Cool app
awesome
Literally got banned for no reason 🤣 (unless it was my bio stating that I do not want to subscribe to anyones onlyfans but even then doesn't go against yalls guidelines. This app is a joke. Just cause its popular does not mean its better. Don't download my Kings👑 Its 80% fake accounts and onlyfans requests anyways. Not worth
good
Too many bogus accounts (only message is for sketch looking "sex-hookup" sites)
I received notifications of messages but I am unable to read them.
I didn't get any one person's
Awesome
It's super
Awesome app loved it safe to use very easy to find new friends
Wish it had more basic info
Heaps of glitches. Systematically shuts down.
Worst dating app ever
It's a okay app but sometimes I loose messages sometimes and when it matches me with someone and doesn't give me the option to message and your app should tell if someone is still using tinder
I've met some really cool people
I love this app its super amazing
It's a good application
not so good
Horrible customer service, bot replies that offer nothing. Stop deleting my review
Ugh
Aside from the bugs that have only gotten worse over time, Tinder simply does not deliver. Matching is extremely hard, the App gives you fake messages which mean absolutely nothing, glitches will cause you to lose potential matches, and Gold doesn't help at all. Tinder may have been great back in 2015, but it's a Trainwreck now. I got ripped off.
Easy, simple fun.
nice..i..like..it
Waste of time and money.....worst experience...
Downloaded the app tried several times to log in via Facebook, wouldn't work. Then tried via phone number again several time and wouldn't work either useless!
Alot of options and get to have conversation without paying first. Thats always a plus.
Not really sure if this even works...im no great catch but this thing wont 
even come up with 1 match anywhere...does it only work if you pay for the 
upgrade?...
Fun but it doesn't update my location and I'm travelling about lots.. keep getting matched with ppl who are apparently within 10miles but actually 200miles away and were within 10miles of me last week!	As above
This app made me buy the gold membership for all these months by sending me notifications many are liking me all the time just to make me pay money.. I got Tinder Gold and believe me it's a waste , "no one is there in my discovery now" (it's been not even a day with the new subscription) how is this possible even after paying for gold membership ,setting the range distance to maximum , increasing the age and updating the profile a number of times . Such a waste !! Very bad experience!
I got banned
So full of fake phishing spam profiles. Waste of time.
Cannot disable recurring payments, tried as explained in the help website. Feels like I scam
At the moment this app sucks. Every time I want to use it I have uninstall it and reinstall it to get it to work. If I leave the app for a second to go to another app I have to do it again.
good
good 👍
good
Cool app
Awesome app
Sorry but this is a dating app and they are encouraging others to use it alternatively rn which is great but if the person isnt also trying to date sorry no. Redesign your app
Amazing
Good one bt need to fix bugs sometimes matches automatically disappears
Good
Scam
Very nice good to chat when bored
This app is glitchy on Nexus 5 phone... It does not load any new people, even though I live in a major city. I emailed support and got an automated reply that had nothing to do with my inquiry. Looking at other reviews, these seem to be common problems
The app by itself it's well designed, but paying for gold it's not worth. I noticed that I get more likes when I don't have it.
Having a great time with it, meeting some really nice people. Not everyone ends up being forthcoming with the chat but I suppose that's just the way it goes.
It was great untill tinder gold changed from $15 to $25 a month
Love it
Needs improvement in suggesting friends
Best platform to Find Friends
Fix my login pls
After a year of on and off usage constant issues with connection. Gives incorrect location readings, matches from 500m away. Way too much spam, fake accounts. Absolute and utter garbage.
Likes
Like this
Cool place to make decent friends. U just might get lucky and meet d right one
90% of the app is fake accounts
This is worst application event not open properly,full useless,wast of time ,wast of data.
I just got it.
A collection of bugs made into an app. 20% of the time, it works every time.
I think to in tinder for exchanging friends
Wish more people were around and understood its a hookup app
Less automatching and getting matches that dont even reply back , maybe actually get the app to match with people that have bio in relation to the matchee
Does what it was meant to
Very practical
Honestly the app by itself is trash if you don't pay for it. And even if you pay for premium, it's still trash. Matching is unlikely to begin with but good luck having a conversation with a woman if you. Honestly, just a big time sink of endless swiping and being ghosted.
Its good
Really fun app to play with when I'm bored
Nice app
This is the stupidest app I have ever seen in my life. You have to pay for everything in order to do anything. The stupid app glitches whoever designed this app really had to sell his/her soul to the devil in order to even get this to become popular. This is why white America should just stop creating things, it's always a flop.
Good.
Superb
very good
pretty good. although features like read receipts and not putting people who've swiped left on you in your feed would improve the app by alot.
good
Like
About every 3 swipes the app will crash.  Then noticed it had used up 1Gb of data in one night and ate up my battery.  I didn't like that ppl used it to market themsleves....gross.
The idea of the app is good ,it worked well ,but suddenly something happened and I don't get any matches ,also app shows an error with location .I allowed app for almost everything and installed /uninstalled few times still the problem is here .looks like i exist and noone can see me . The problem is with location ,maybe something else .and I asked few people , some of them have the same problem
No matches but only been 1 day
Parece que te arroja más parejas si compras el premium, lo cual me parece coherente, pero la verdad es muy caro en premium, hasta más caro que Netflix o Spotify!! Pero así sin premium bastante bien.
fire
Always reliable and works perfectly, have met heaps of friendly people 😃😄!!
Funny all this app does is put bots up with fake profiles so you run out of likes and hope they get some money out if you to continue swiping right
Great app
Cool
Won't let me add photos. Just pinwheels forever. Then I try to add the photo again & it glitches out. I open it & close it, no difference. A tinder profile with no photos isn't gonna cut it. :/
Awesome
It's a good app but put live streaming on it please
Bakws h
Meh!
Time waste!
Doesn't work for me
Some fiture was removed from free account.
The app should detect inactive members and stop them from showing up.
They make you pay to be seen. Used tobe a good app.
Your account will be banned without an explanation and even if you don't violate the rules.
Its great
log in account seemed easy but caused big problems, once you log in via another device with same phone number it automatically delete your old account and ask you to register a new one, I need old account not registering again ok? So simple function but so useless!
I can't even read the messages because it automatically scrolls up every time I scroll down.....
All previous matches gone!!! What a joke ! !am so annoyed I can't tell you. Thanks for NOTHING!!!!! Useless app
It's awesome how y'all will be able to meet many people just by using this app, however I found it really usefull
I've used this app in the past and had many success and I quite like it. But upon logging in this morning, it said my account was banned. For what reasons, I have no clue. I have been respectful to everyone I've encountered in this app so I don't really know as to how my account could get banned. An assistance on unbanning my account would be delightful and greatly appreciated.
GPS is so off so annoyin
What's going on, conversations won't load and my matches aren't updating. 
Very frustrating
Paid for gold. Canceled it after one day and had to pay 70$... I'm pissed!
Faltu hai bhaiyaa ka app.
its a must have (big sml)
Having fun, meeting great people! Don't download with any preconceptions. And guys, stop being creepy~
I only tried Tinder gold for one month and i didn't want to continue that service and now the money has been deducted from my account. How can I get my refund for the money that has detected from the 2nd month.
Good app when it actually works! Too many times I can't log in or I encounter glitches
Lot of girls
Great app. I'd shorten times for boost though.
The app is supposed to send you a verification code via text in order to sign up, and no matter how many times I request it nothing happens. Been trying for a week to get it started to no avail. Uninstalled.
tinder so sweet matching
Not sure .. but it seems worked
So the only way to talk to someone on here is to pay for it........
Trash app
The fakes accounts that like you will never pop up in your feed unless you pay a subscription. So it's pay to match with bots and scammers.
It's a bit hard to really connect with folks when the app doesn't notify me 
of messages sometimes. Otherwise it is acceptable.
Shows mostly real people but no options for live chat and asks for charges to initiate a conversation.
love it
For such a popular app there's a lot of very obvious and sometimes crippling bugs such as erasing your matches, and a notification indicator that never goes away...
Good
Bakwas apk
Its okay but i hate that you have to pay to see who likes you.
I dont know why this app is even free when you have to pay for everything totally lose
Too many flakes
Garbage
Nothing
Most of the profiles are fake, with Chinese people pics... I don't know how Chinese and other country profiles are more than Indian profiles. Tinder must do something... As it is loosing it's credibility.
Great fun
cannot send picture file when we chat
5 star
I met a person, & She's a SCAMMER!!! She always wants me to s send her $$$ !!!
Cool
This app ducks, hard.
It's pretty good to meet new friends and there is always a chance to find a keeper
Good
No one answers. What's the point of upgrading if no one answers you. Why would I pay to be ignored.
Update: Still on hold and paid $30. Do I get a refund? I am paying $30 a 
month for the "Gold" membership and yesterday was notified they placed my 
account on hold, due to my account being reported too many times. For what? 
My account is appropriate , no nudes, I am real, not rude...what is it? 
Very disappointed!!!
It seems that nowday is full of people marketing their onlyfans account. I know that the devs can't stop people sharing their onlyfans, but i guess is a big downfall imo
Cant even log in oh my goodness
Love finding new hot single women when on the road
Only ever works when on WiFi
🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
The best!
Oh ya
Cant log in , it says you dont have fb app , tss i have it here and its always been updated lol
Pay, pay and pay for everything. Joke
Just a reminder that not EVERYONE have a FB acc.
So far so good ☺
App update doesn't allow to look at profiles completely...ie instagram pics or anything. Terrible. Cancelled subscription.
Just loved it..
Not worth it! All the "women" are ALL FAKE ! literally everyone will say hi then send you a link to some b.s. site to scam you from your card details, and if it's not that they'll say add my snapchat, Kik etc then just as you think they're real they'll ask you to click the same type of b.s. links. It's not worth anything at all, don't bother downloading.
Only looting mony, completely fake
Easy & painless
The world's hurtful app...😒😒
This banning situation is dumb. My account got banned for putting my number on a different devices app. Now I can't make a new account again, dumb.
Paid for 6 month subscription, now can't even text on it. They said to re-install the app, won't install either.
Nice app
They banned my account for not reason, don't use this company
My complaint is how pricey it is to upgrade to the premium account. The ability to have unlimited swipes, and a few other minor perks isn't reason enough for a $20 a month subscription. If they drop the price down then we'll talk.
Very good to meet nice and bad 😊 ppl
good
OCEAN OF FAKE PROFILES OF GIRLS... FIRST YOU BUY THIS SERVICE, IN RETURN YOU WILL GET MANY PROFILE VIEWS BY FAKE PROFILES, JUST TRYING TO MAKE A FOOL OUT OF YOU. ONLY 2% VERIFIED PROFILES. REST ALL LOOKING FOR EXTORTION OF SOME KIND. NO RIGID POLICY ON FAKE PROFILES
After first installation and first search, it's constantly searching.... Can't access any other part of the app and its stuck on the locator.
Didn't think I would match with anyone but I have many matches so thank you!
Good
This app is outstanding.
Fun app!
Effective,So amazing like it,but we need to send,voice clips and videos
I love the app 😍
Wast
Why is it that whenever I swipe left on someone, a Super Like Pop Up keeps on appearing even if I don't have any Super Like left? It is very annoying everytime I swipe left on someone. Fix thos!
okk reaport
Best dating app. I have them all and tinder is by far the best.
I just wish there was a way to actually email the people
Chat scrolling is very jittery and sometimes won't even work
Bad service I don't like it
Sick and tired or reinstalling the app. What's going on developers?!?!
Doesnt give option to sign without having to link it to facebook. Keeps matching me with 13-17 yr olds when im 23. No thanks.
Not enough matches
stats show there are 4 times as many men as women on here
very good
Best app for dating love it
Great free app
Good app
Please use it
Actually it's better then I thought it would be and I think it's working ok. I could save time by spending money as with most things so I think they have made it so you don't have to spend alot. Have met one nice lady that I like.
Good app
The newest update forces to swipe, removing the bottom shortcut key which was easier to use as a LEFT HANDED person. Also lately I'm constantly being booted out of the app? What's going on
Love it but It should give more superlikes  and more matches
VERY HAPPY AND COMPARING TO OTHER APP IS VERY WELL DONE THANKS
After thousands of swipes only two matches. Repeative profiles. Multiple profiles with different names, but same pics. Truly disappointing app.
Banned for being underage when I am not; no way to unblock my account
perfect
Very easy to use and also meet people from different places loving this app
Seems to be geared towards finding as few genuine matches as possible, with consistently disappointing and shallow people.
Works well no bug... People actually respond on this app!
if your not conventionally attractive forget about it, the whole app is a popularity contest for the hottest individuals
Wont even let me log on, doesnt even give me an option to log on, just loads and then goes back to the home screen. Thak god I dont pay to use this crap app. Your better off just creepin on facebook.
i havent really been matched with anyone till now. i have added photos as well but no luck still because of that the rating has gone down to one star
Amazing it hasn't been shut down using RICO statute. Simply a platform for fake profiles and scammers, with the occasional rare legit user.
Great
Great interface! Only reason for the 4 stars is having to pay to use the full app. Throw in some adds between peeps
exellent app
Boys and girls are crazy. Men and women are usually pretty legit
Great app just a few women tryna get me to go to a website n they say the same thing
Not bad
Its all good but u have to pay for "likes"? Yea, didn t liked it so much
I cannot give minus 5 stars so i will have to give 1, this app crashes spectacularly
Noce
Slow
Having luck meeting new interesting people but the chat platform is outdated, slow and not good.
Make ur app more user freindly in cost sector
Woooo
no matches and feeds r shown untill u pay moneyn i am using it from a month and I didn't receive any matches
Very good
My conversation was disappear when i updated the latest version. Plis fix it!
do not give these people money. I paid for tinder gold and suddenly got the whole thing disabled because they claim I'm tied to another active account. that isn't true, I can prove in court it isn't true. they respond to similar complaints with "email our help team," but I have emailed them, and those emails go down a black hole. they have no interest in resolving this problem because they want you to pay twice. they have a history of these kinds of business practices. avoid at all costs.
Worst app
Perfect
It is very nice  app for find new friends....and it very easy...
So bad, so so bad. If you want bots trying to spam/scam you, this is your place..otherwise, you as a straight guy are screwed because you will get nothing off this app. No matches, no messages..nothing. Its a useless space for thirsty losers. I want a relationship, not a disgusting hook up with disease ridden, promiscuous people 🤮
"Oops! something went wrong!"
Amount debit but service not yet start
Won't let me open messages or says I have new matches or mails when I don't. Doesn't send me any notifications either amongst a number of other annoying issues!
Keep up the good work !
I uninstall right away because it did not start. It always shows that an error has occur.
nice app gives you all you need and some hook up girls are legit and the update is very useful right now no more scammers
The someone is tying... notification is most annoying! Now 1 message has 2-3 notifications!!!
Good
It's fine, you know what it is, just writing this so it will stop asking me 
to rate it
It's okay
PURCHASE ERRORS WITH ANDROID PHONES
Everytime I've matched with someone and they msg me the app gets rid of them. What the hell
Great way to meet
If I could give this less than 1 star I would. I spent less than 24 hours on this app, didn't even talk to anyone and got banned permanently. The automated customer service (no humans at all, ever) refuses to tell me the reason why. For the limited amount I saw, all it was is a huge pay wall. You have to pay to literally do anything but swipe and that's only free so it'll entice other people to pay them too. POF and several others are far superior to this trash app.
just the deleted chats can get then back.
So I've been banned for "violating code of conduct" and when I asked them what I did they didnt provide any evidence as to how I violated code of conduct so I'm banned for the rest of my life on a false ban but hey they'll let random bots roam free on the site. Makes sense doesn't it 🫠
There's a limit on my swipes n you always need location now. .. oh and ads
Good app
Great way to get to understand the poor state of society...and how together we are all ALONE 💩
The app does a good job at keeping people safe and genuine. Would've given 5 star if it didn't force super likes on random people. Update. Shadowbanned me for Pausing the App. i Paused instead of delete my account cuz they gave me the option in the first place. I wanted to delete my account cuz left swipes and irregular use of the app dropped my score, giving my options that are nothing but left swipes. So I don't actually get to decide whom I wanna right swipe or how often I use the app.
Bda
good
IPhone users can choose the photos to use but we can't? Lame port to android
No one reported my account yet it was banned for using so I decided to restarted my phone and try to log in again then I was finally able to use my account again but the problem here is all my matches disappeared If the developer can fix tinder to be better I will come back and rate it 5 stars
have no idea why my account has been banned. i made the account 2 days ago, even did the facial verification and had it submitted for them to check and get my profile verified. yesterday i did not even open the app, and now when I'm logging in I'm banned? its a waste of space in the phone 🤷🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️
It currently doesn't work... won't let me sign in. There's no other way to report the issue.
0 like in complete month.. I don't know why.. But totally inappropriate app.. Zero % use . I hope i can save your 590 ruppees
Great it works
nice
The prize it's very expensive.. and almost all they are fake account
Good
Plz remove paid option
got ban for what?
Good
I got lots of good friends from this website thanks tinder team
Needs improvement interms of free access
Very easy!! I love how it links 👆 with face book
Created an account. A couple of hours later I was BANNED for no reason? What the heck? I barely used the app and my profile contained no nudity or offensive content. It's also extremely hard and inconvenient to contact their customer support team who says "they can't respond to all requests" . pls
Ghanta koi ladki nhi milegi lekin itne khoobsurat chehro ko right swipe karne mein bahot khushi milti hai. Thank You Tinder. Agar tum na hotei toh mujhe kaisa pata chalta ki mere aas pass itni pariyaan hain jismein se ek bhi mujhe right nhi swipe karegi lekin phir bhi tinder hai toh sahi.
Too many travelers profiles!
Ok I guess
Tried many times to get the app to work but can never get past the sms verification. I never receive the sms verification. And yes, I put in the correct number. And yes, my Facebook login details are correct. Lame 👎
Seriously, this app crashes constantly. On many different devices. If it wasn't for a biological necessity, who would use it?
Most faltu apps
I love it. Finally an app that allows me to privately do my most secret of pssions; Judging people.
Can't connect instagram
It's pretty swag
Entertaining that I was banned from tinder, pretty sure I was reported for getting my roommates kicked off the wifi and then later in the house Though I had a customer literally swipe on me at a register which was honest really funny
Good app
Tinder was a pretty great app, until they not only added a subscription model (for a ridiculous $9.99/mo), but forced new features on your screen that only subscribers can use AND limited the amount of times you can swipe right. It's not all that bad, though. This poor, greedy business model just helped me delete the app and has sent me back to meeting women by awkward communication in public settings. GG, Tinder. Enjoy your downward spiral. 😂
Can't log in! Tried everything.
If you're good looking you can get tons of snatch action. The constant pressure to subscribe is bit annoying
No new match.. Thats not good
nice
it doesn't work and crashes every time
App is all about tinder making money. 3+$ to super like somebody lol. The layout is all about tinder getting you to spend more money, suggesting ways to get your money over and over and over again, it's really annoying.
great
Meh, I've been using it since june, got like 20 matches the first couple of days and since then less than 10, I saw that I'm not the only one having this exact same issue, they just want you to pay in order to give you "rate up screen time", not worth the 10/40 bucks (in my area at least) so beware I guess, there are many other better alternatives anyway
It's ok
เหงาจ้า ปัดปัดจ้า หายเหงาละจ้า
I've never used dating app but its cool Shroomyster aproved
You judge people on one photo! Shallow
great
Has worked good so far...love it, for the busy schedule I have.
Why must I pay to see people that liked me. Just get another app. Don't waste your time
This app is good for hookups/dating whatever serves your interest but am disappointed. Recently I've had technical issues with this app.
purchased the app $20 a month only got 2 matches and rest is fake bots. it's either girls trying to make you follow thier IG ACCOUNT OR VISIT THIER WEBSITE... dont waste your money on this app not worth it just download POF probably better chance there and no money needed ha
Everytime I check my bio it's empty.. which is pretty frustrating since I 
have to retype it
Very bad
I really love this app
banned me for no reasons at all
great
worst app I ever seen..two years complete bt not songle matched..
🅰️ my account was desactivated without reason ✋🏿😎
You guys banned me bc of my age 2 yrs ago' I'm 18 and yall still won't unban me yall are fake
Great fun and actually works
No reply from anyone
I paid for this app. No matches, you can't chat with no one and now I even can cancel my next payment. Don't install and don't waste your money.
Good
pathetic experience. got banned after using ot since years without any warning signs or explanation. Not good.
Banned without explanation after using the app on and off for almost 8 years. Never had any incidents in the past until now. Support refuses to give me any information as to why I've been banned, replying with the same copy and pasted message over and over.
It wont connect to my Facebook so it wont let me use it.
This
nan
A lot better quality people here than a lot of other apps out there like POF
On 13th Oct, 2019, i have taken tinder plus membership and the app is not working since then.. Showing something went wrong. Try again later.
Awesome app frendz .
Would be 5 but I'm fuggly
I like hoes... pretty hoes with class and a nice ass #pullup
Terrible, getting noticed is behind a paywall. To actually get anywhere in this app you gotta buy their in app purchases, which mislead you and say one price but they charge you much more than it shows since it lumps it into one payment
There is a lot of real beautiful woman in this site.
Yolo
I got banned and idk why lol. Never told me no email or anything, and can't make another account :/
The secret admirer is broken and lost me 2 matches
Won't stop asking to turn on GPS. No means no. Needs a fix badly. I can't even access the app.
i pay for 1 year member, never get friend. very bad apps
For the last 2 months this app is nothing but fake spamming female accounts. It's like there are no real people on it anymore!
Every thing was working fine before I turned my phone off. When I turned it back on, the app will not log in( oops there was a problem). I tried everything Uninstalled, reinstalled, force stopped, checked to see if my phone was up to date. Which it is! Turned the phone on and off. Restarted countless times. I read all the reviews and it seems that it's a common occurrence.  I've got some good looking women I just started talking to and I need this app fixed to seal the deal...so please fix the freaking app...also there are some serious spammers on this thing. Any way you guys can clean that up? Also...can you make it to where we can see peoples facebook page since we are logging in through Facebook? It would let us  know who's real...just a thought
This a good app
Its a hell of a lot better than the rest!
good
People be lying on here lol. Not here for hookups but then if or when it comes to one night stands, that's not most of them want.
love it
Tinder is good.
App become unresponsive after awhile.  Nexus 6P latest version.  Updated, deleted, reinstalled. Still crashes
There's a overpriced paywall for every feature. They'll fake reasons to upgrade. Used to be a good app, then someone thought they could get away with forcing microtransactions on everyone. Until they wise up, it's better to find another app.
amizing
Lololol
Should be freee
Can't able to open app! Always shows that it is not responding!
As a request from me to the tinder team is that can you create a symbol of messages while swipping through people so that the message can be directly towards them rather than just wait for them to be evenly matched. As a reques from me to you.
not at all good... didn't get any match from the day i started using it.
I can't get this app to work!  I've reinstalled it several times but all I get is a stupid white screen when I launch
I wanted to give just 0 star but it can't be possible tinder is looting people's money without informing them charge automatically next month bill it's not a dating app. It's a looting app be aware before downloding this app
Best dating site ever
says someone is 5 miles away when in fact they are 60 miles away
Why do you need my friends list or status to create a "fuller" profile.  Why do you need to link to facebook period. I'd give zero stars if I could without even openning the app.
Lots of fake profiles
like the app
Gets worse with every update. Not even close on location distances! App rarely works nowadays
Removed moments? Why?
Way do you need my wifi and pic's and all? Do you want my first born child? ;)
Love it It's easy to use. Am making friends all over the world.
Jst mad no use
App itself seems to work fine most of the time. I tend to swipe through everyone in my area in a couple days. All the "top picks" are several hundred miles away. I haven't had a match in months that didn't turn out to be a fake account. Boosting or buying premium does not seem to help anything. I see the same girls over and over again... the whole point is to like or dislike. If it shows me the girl again it obviously doesn't remember my choice. Therefore swiping is a waste of time and effort...
Deletes peoples accounts for no reason and bans them
Awesome stuff this is
Nice security, keep it up💪
Horrible Horrible app hepl service is shocking more like not existing there is no one 2 talk 2 all is just set up as a computer reply plus not enough information. Horrible experience altogether. Don't get this app it's only an unnecessary inconvenience. There r much better and safer apps than this!!!!
Brilliant Brilliant
Why don't the superlikes work?
Super
too many advertisements its boring
Whenever I subscribe for tinder plus,after swiping for 2 days you end up blocking my account and I didn't do anything illegal!!! I'm annoyed and pissed
No real good matches
Quickest way to meet a bunch of Douchy guys if your into it
Can't login
Very good!
good
WHY I CAN'T LOGIN MY ACCOUNT WHENEVER I USE MY DATA?? Please help
I purchase Tinder gold and my Tinder banned my account without any warning or without any reason. I need my money back its literally been 2 days since I purchased your subscription.
Samsung Galaxy S4. Won't log in. Authorised it for Facebook but then it fails to log in. Reinstall and cache clear doesn't fix it either.
so lovely doesn't for money ever like other apps friendly people I can say that it takes much time to find someone buh it's real
Helpful
Very good girls are cute
New LG G3. Crashes whenever "my moments" are opened.
Continually having login issues with Tinder in a nexus 6.
Great 👍 app
Terrible
Good app but... Way too many FAKES ! Yes probably tied for 1st in fake profiles or at least too many profiles of "women" looking for sugar daddy's ? So I guess you'd consider them to be sugar baby's 😉🤣? 😳 🤷🏻‍♂️ Gets very annoying swiping through all the damn sugar baby's hence the 3 stars and the only reason why I'm giving it that is because I have had some luck I guess in terms of dates I suppose but that is all
Love it
not able to cancel the subscription of tinder plus.
monthly price is too high and I can't see super like...too bad !
My account got banned while I'm trying to open an account..... This is crab, have not even use up to 1hr for on this app. RUBBISH
If you are dumb enough to install this good luck uninstalling it ! they conntinue to use youre profile even when you repeatatly tell them to stop! Horrible !!
Lovely app good to download work perfectly lovely girls to communicate with, there are also fake account I don't no if there's a way u guys can delete fake account I really love the app am using my Facebook account because am not fake I live a real life
All bots no one actually to talk to.
Used for a day and banned for no reason. Support team is run by 10 year olds with no knowledge of the site they work for. I'll go to a bar instead of this piece of garbage.
not gonna lie, the like limit really ruins this app. i get you want to prevent people from spamming likes on everyone but man, it really sucks ://
The whole app just collapsed and know an error message appeared and can't access my account
It's the bomb yosephia
it's okay.
This app was working for me but in the last update all of a sudden the tinder social would stop working and say I wasn't part of a group but my group and any matches we had were still in the messages.  It's making it so I can't do any swiping for my group amd I can't end it either.
Well So far It Has Gotten Me One Match, and Hopefully That's All I Need.
Pretty okay.
Error logging in.
User Friendly
Get laid or die trying
they'll ban your account and not tell you why
I was banned, no reason why after I paid 70 pounds for the 1 year tinder gold subscription, and there's no way I can appeal the ban
Terrible app. They ban your account for absolutely no reason at all and give no explanation why. Would not waste my time. Much better dating apps out there.
Good, but slow messaging
I can't login via application in my phone,but it's able to login via website. Please fix this bug. Its weird.
Completely useless unless you pay for Platinum subscription
I like it alot so far. But I just readded it and I never deleted my account and i lost an my matches
Every time I try and look at my moments or go anywhere near my moments or see who liked them it closes itself and I can't even see who liked them it just says "somebody liked your moment"
Not the same, just wants money!
Ghatiya 🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢
Good interface. Smooth working.
Experience is awesome
eeeeeee nimekubal
Worst App Most of them are here just for hookup not dating it's not a dating site it's a hook-up site
the negative reviews say it all
It doesn't let me see my messages no matter what I do. basically doesn't do its one job so one star.
Actually will never give a star...sooo many subcriptions you have to pay....blood suckers app.... !!!! I just subscribed yesterday and pay for tinder plus and now i m gonna delete this because they keep asking of money if you boost that or this.. This is the worst app I have encountered in my life!!! should be banned from this world!!! Dont ever download this app , if you do you will be frustrated and stressed from you peace and harmony life... be careful...
Sweet mother of god. This app is so buggy. It literally basically doesn't work. It literally is a rip off. Says you have matches that will he revealed if you pay.... They don't exist. Will happily participate in a lawsuit. Have an abundance of video evidence of misleading behavior around paid upgrades.
Very disgusting am not Suggeste anyone
Keeps deleting my matches
Don't ever download this app. First off I have never used tinder in years and never with this phone. Because this is my brand new number that was activated by t-mobile and right as I'm signing up. I'm apparently I'm banned.
Useless App
You still get ads with tinder plus
Good app
this app is total BS i paid for the extra features and still cant see who likes me or comunicate with anyone.... I want a refund
Just try for once
It's a very cool app so far
If you are stick thin just swipe left but them curvy girls swipe right xx
This is a great app, it's so easy to use. Now I just need a girlfriend from this thing 😂
So buggy that it doesnt work. Deletes all of my matches after i get them, and doesnt show anyone. Used to work well but not anymore
can't do anything useful without paying. not cool
I can still like people even though I have an empty heart button. Also I can like the same people that I already liked. This is the same reason I uninstalled Tinder many months ago. Oh and also when I try to delete my account, it always fails. Oh how convenient.
Nice app easy to use
Nice
coop
I like how you can only get messages if you get a match. That way it's a 
mutual encounter!
Useless app , without any reason behind block kr dete h or block Ka koi time limit b nhi h, matches b Kam milte h
👍👍👍
App locks up a lot and deletes all of your matches when it locks up. Not worth it too many glitches.
Not getting any notifications
Wonderful
so bad app...aftr downloaded never wrk once..only tinder sign is seeing...so other thing..i hv full net..but its too slow..no match is seen
Fix it!
Good for me
So glitchy it's ridiculous.
Seems nice
just joined..so far nothing much
super
It's very good
Wouldn't let me log in..
Meh
Constant crashing, switched to Bumble.
Loda app hai payment Kroge tabi ladki milegi hilate raho nhi toh
Good
awesome met best friend here
Easy to use and potentially a lot of connections possible - though the real life thing is the tricky step...
Loved it
I found the best I ever could
Literally banned me within a few hours when I hadn't matched or chatted with anyone. Only had 2 pictures up and a bio Worse customer service as well
I don't get laid. Bad app
Ads are erkin but not bad But u should be forced to speak i mean if we 
match then y not say hello its kinda creepy to see so man just sit there
Good i guess but not my thing honestly
nice app
I dont know why my id have been shut down and I'm not able to log In
Dunno why i got banned, but okay. Goodbye tinder, see you never
Fire onlyjayus
good
good 😊
Dating
wont let me login even when I confirm my information
Good app! 🏄
Profiles are disappearing after matching?
I like tinder, I just wish wish there was a way you could cut off the people who are not close to you and just have profiles that are closer to where you live. I live close to Canada and I'm not interested in meeting anybody from Canada so I just want to meet people that are in my general area. I don't want to spend hours driving just to go on a date.
expensive
me banearon para siempre sin razón aparente y ni siquiera alcancé a ocupar la cuenta por más de un día
Usage is still WAY too high. Consistently eats my battery like Kobayashi
Good
this app so nice real people not a fake
I'm ugly :(
Don't do it
Can't log in
3 star
Like 90% of people are spam
So am on platinuim but for 2 weeks apparently nobody likes my profile, how is that even possible, lol, this site must be closing or already collapsed, may be we won't have it in 2022.
DONT SUBSCRIBE TO TINDER PLUS. THEY DONT ALLOW YOU TO CANCEL AND KEEP ON 
CHARGING YOU. I subscribed and been trying to cancel forever and they keep 
charging my card.
tidak ramah, bintang 1
Ok
Loved it
Hi.. I'm facing issues.. Just mailed you. Please solve my query!
unless you pay, it isn't worth it.
App is crashing since yesterday night, Not able to login
One thing that bothering me. Why should I have to pay just to see who liked me?? Why can't I just see who taking an interest and allow me to view their profile to decide if I am interested back
Very good but lately crash alot and won't even load
Won't long me in...
fun
So you have to pay to meet someone. As well as apparently now you can match with advertising.. watse of time. Watch I'm going to get banned for telling the truth.
Everything you need
This app is just crap...wont go beyond phone authentication even after trying for more than half an hour. Reinstalled it..just in case...but no use.
So many bug. Cant view profile detail. I reinstall but still happen.. stupid
4 stars
Tinder continues to be flooded with fakes and spammers. 50 to 90% are fake they seem totally unable to stop it. daily picks feature is still broken, shows me people way out of my local area. How bad is it that even their daily top picks are now half fake accounts and spammers?
To many hookers
Never found me a lady
Great i love it
Very poor app. Not getting any matches since I downloaded it.
Good
pelit anyinkk
Nice application . Genuine.
Why you crushing most of the time ?
Go n find yours.
love it
The app is stuck on loading matches for ages now. I've paid for Tinder plus and enjoy using the app but this is a joke. Please fix
I get matches but find after I message most guys dont reply. I think thats a common Tinder experience though. Also, today when I liked atleast 10 profiles - I didnt get any matches back - when normally I do get the odd match. I wonder if the app function on Tinder that controls the incoming 'match' word - doesn't want to work on my phone? Checked settings & they seem ok. Overall I think Tinders a great app as it is possible to meet others whether you are a paid or non-paid member :)
Slo
Will keep charging you. You can remove your card, cancel your subscription, and even Uninstall but they will still charge tinder gold every month until you get a new card. Better dating apps out there.
Nais
I like the app I've met alot of people lol😄
£27.49 a month ... nah, you're alright!
Love it
Need more matches
Better than the others
I have been waiting for this app to come to Android for quite a while.  However, as soon as I downloaded it, I see that I need to use Facebook to log in.  Why don't you app developers get that not everyone uses Facebook?    If you fix so I don't need to use Facebook to login, I will review again.
I got signed out and can't get back in. I keep getting error 50000. Fix this pls
Until now all good but crashes when I scroll down to spotify favourites for the last few months.
It freezes too much, I like the actual app... when I don't have to get out of it every 3 swipes.
Scam for desperate people
Better
Won't even load messages
Hasn't worked for months. Talked to support,  they don't care,  these guys are going down in a couple years. So they just making the money while they can. Scum
No easy , clear way to contact or to find out when your subscription is up/the terms. Frustrating
Something went wrong, please try again later
Worst app ever. If I say in my way. Chutya app
I understand you need the location on to find people but maybe I just want to talk to people I've matched with.
Nice app
I used this app this morning and then now it's not woring again so please help me fix this problem. Thanks
Very easy yes/no easy nice
I got tinder gold because it said i had a bunch of interested matches and literally all of them were thousands of miles away or fake accounts. This was a waste of 32$ and I wish i could get a refund. This is making me hate my life so hard.
Only seem to get likes and matches the first few days after installing, then nothing.
This app really needs a fix.i am not being able to log in now
one of the cool dating apps
Useless
This app is fun. It opens up great frienships
Great love it.
Super
This app does not offer enough value to pay. That was half the fun, just swiping away whenever you wanted. A lot of the profiles are blank or bots trying to get you to sign up for a porn site and you don't know until after swiping like. If this doesn't change back I'll Uninstall very soon.
You have to pay for every thing in this app
I've tried uninstalling and re-installing the app, made sure my location is on but it always says I have no new people. Even if I go 100+kms from where I live, still says no one new. My friend keeps getting new people, with the same settings as me. Please tell me how I can fix this.
Not good!!
Best woman are fraud or spam
What's the deal with offering us to pay for read receipt? Lol who needs that feature anyway. Adds. Pop ups to invite us to subscribe. Just pollution. Soon we'll be offered to pay to see more than one pic of the person
Lovebal
Chill
He is strong! If I die, I have to go before him, and he will ask me, "What is the riddle of steel?" If I don't know it, he will cast me out of Valhalla and laugh at me. That's Crom, strong on his mountain!
Great
Great app with lots of bugs. Wrote to the support about the bugs, their responses were absolutely useless.
Seems like shadow bans are common here or you fall out of the algorithm
Love it
Good
Not enough from my home town, I know so many on tinder but never see them
A Very nice app. Different faces and it definitely has a shocking layout than I've expected. But overall its very clean and respectful.
This app is a joke, countless bots that are In ToWn FoR a CoUplE oF dAyS get no notice, but I literally get banned because I haven't matched with anyone in months EXCEPT for the bots.
Good for meeting peeps
Can't ppl socialise without their phones?
It would be good to see who has read yr profile.
Pretty good for a time killer
ALWAYS CRASHES!
Tinder definitely is not an LGBT friendly app. They ban community people of str8 people report them simply for nothing. On the other side community members go thru abusive chats from hetrosexuals. Tinder doesn't go in details why was a particular account was reported. Simple because a homophobic person reports ...the team bans an account. Do not download this app if you are LGBT memeber. Tinder just does pink washing and they really are not LGBT friendly.
Can't login. Pls help? Tried cache cleaning and everything else. Still can't get through.
I use tinder gold and my tinder wont load any matches since 2 days ago. I hope tinder can fix it !
Got banned a long time ago for reasons I have no clue about, no option to appeal, doesn't even tell you what you've done wrong. Tried to log in years later I.e today as I'm feeling down and wanted to meet some people, but still banned, again no option for appeal, no telling me what it was that I did so wrong to earn a perma ban, but here we are. Might as we just kms at this point.
I can't message anyone even with the premium... it just bugs out everything and it gives me both woman and men on my interested list when I don't want men just woman... lame. Not as good as I remember it.
Bho
ghatiya app
Nice app!!
Good
This is a horrible app. It's always saying I have messages and nothing comes Up the messages take forever to send that's if it even sends doesn't load the only thing good about this app is there are cute people on here.
Trash.
When you try to upload from your camera roll it crashes over and over..... Very frustrating
If you like bots, this is your app.
too glitchy, premium features doesn't work as expected
Its ok pero deberias de poder filtrar mas la busqueda no solo x distancia
I've heard a ton of stories about tinder. Some good some bad, but overall I think it's a great app
Dont buy its any subscrib i buy platinum subcribe 1 month and no even sengle match i got and other problem too
Once the update released to fix this issue (was not happening to in the first place originally), they disappeared from my app.  I can no longer see common interests or friends...
Fun
Great idea.
Got banned for unknown reasons. They won't tell what policy did I violate. Refused to answer any questions. And will not refund. It's a total scam. Avoid!
it does what it should do.
Waste of time..Wont login....
Sometimes i cant login
Got banned out of nowhere and tinder refuses to consider lifting the ban
Great
5 Stars
Its installed successfully but not working after I chose my email or other options to continue
I uninstall tinder before and when I reinstall it agin, Tinder has banned me..I did nothing wrong and I didn't chat with anyone and I don't know why....
Their algorithm makes sure that if you don't pay , you won't be visible to others and Hence not getting any matches .. unlike long time ago i had many matches a day . Now , it s only at the beginning they make you visible . If you don't pay , you profil goes to oblivion and they make sure not to be visible anymore .
fantastic.
The messaging feature on this app is extremely limiting. You can only upload a small amount of photos and it seems everyone on here are "perfect," (I'm an honest, loyal, God freaking gentleman...) Well if we all are so perfect why then are we single?
good
Good app to pass the free time while also connecting/matching with decent women in the nearby area. Skyrocketed my views on Snapchat since so many, including myself, are willing to post their snap accounts. Seems to be an app that a lot of users delete and reinstall since many user don't seem to be very active.
There are alot of racist people on this app.. People add to bully and and make fun of ur religion... I am really disappointed
Tinder is a social and very interactive Dating app compared to the rest of the dating apps. I mean your profile is verified plus you find your match easily.
All i got was robots
Keeps crashing recently
Waste
Beeeest
The passport feature is not working even though I signed up for Tinder plus yesterday for that specific purpose. I have sent an e-mail to support but have not received any response. A waste of money.
You Can be banned for something you didn't do or mean to do and guess what? NO APPEAL PROCESS. So remember kids Tinder gives no timeouts or warnings just 10 likes a day, fake accounts and Sexual transmitted diseases.
I recommend maybe updating the software to handle higher volumes of users because the Search option doesn't work and the messaging works of its own prerogative. It's hard to use a social app when it won't do anything, with 4G, high speed WiFi, or 3G.
I am Nt able to install this app... I had to uninstall it due to some bugs... Now wen I m trying to reinstall it, the download doesn't start...
when I log in using the number it says there's something wrong idk why
Loveut
Just need to make your code a bit  stronger as I am a Developer and it is a bit weak.
Not working in my phone tried to download many times but not getting started
It's amazing...
Too many meets from 5000 miles away!
Loved it ..
How to make a dating app partially pay to win
Awesome
I'm just stuck in an endless loop of trying to sign in via Facebook. Don't even get any error messages. My Facebook app is up to date, my OS is up to date, I've cleared app permissions and the cache, and uninstalled the app multiple times. Nothing has helped.
So good
swipe right for this app. I just wish it had a better GPS tracking mechanism/ location filter. while I've set the app to me people from 1 mile around me, it shows me people from all over the city... And often even beyond.
Cool app
egg
pretty cool I guess
too costly
AWESOME STUFF + GOOD JOB AWESOME STUFF + GOOD JOB
Too many payment things
whenever this trash app says u have a like open up to find it and i find nothing ur app is garbage.
nice easy to make contact and the lady seemed to be friendly. So far I have not run into any scams. not saying that it can't happen but everyone seems to be real.
Old version
good
This app is amazing super extremely
App sucks it's not free it costs money not going to pay not interested in subscribe or premium account remove my data off here
You can be banned for absolutely no reason, no nudity, no swearing even. Just banned. Not to mention the decent features require payment.
Got banned?
I got banned for absolutely no reason !! I hadn't even sent a message or anything yet but somehow was banned soooooo idk what thats about but it kinda sucked lol
Would be nice to have a race filter or at least a list where you choose your intrests . Unless you want Tinder to be less efficient
Random charges are popping up for this app. I just got charged $74 and I haven't been subscribed to this app in months.
A nice app for communicate new ppls
Won't let me get past the "sign in with Facebook".
Lots of great new features but still has issues with bot accounts and people uninterested in the real purpose of the app. Add a captcha for creating an account and ban people asking for money or just marketing their Instagram and it would be perfect.
I'll have matches show up and then disappear before I can swipe and it just stays on that screen...
Perfect for a city like mumbai
yay !
Unusable since the last update!
Still crap software
Not getting matches...only 3 or more and we can't able to see is they are at online or not and they are unmatching.. But good dating app when comparing to other apps
Very nice app
Gndu app
Used Tinder a few years ago, decided to download and install again, and found out I was banned. Why? Refer to terms and conditions. So if I dont know......... Anyway, customers like to be treated right (used to pay for it).
Nice app
Good one
Easy to use. To many ads though and pricey.
Nope. Still a rubbish app with rubbish experience.
Good fun,
This app used to be very good. Now its useless, because it DOESN'T LOAD people around me, it just keeps searching the whole time.
Always a problem logging in with Facebook.  Pointless!
Get notified of a match and they even messaged and then open the app to see nothing, literally opened with the notification and the match isn't there and no new message?
Pure garbage app.
good
Bakwassssssssssss🤮🤮🤮🤮👿👿🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Wrost app many back people
Everytime I even try to log on with Facebook, a problem occurs so cannot log in..not good at all shame I can't give no stars as I wrote this review ages ago and it's still not fixed
Bad luck din get any 1
sucks
is working well on day one
Why does it need to connect to Facebook if it got problem connecting to it. Please fix fix fix. I got to love this app. And I already reinstalled this for so many time because I cannot connect to fb. I connected it twice but it keeps unconnected every time  I open the app.
I can't log in tells me log in failure
Just started
One of the worst apps.they blocked me due to only 1 person
It's the Best
Great app but they raised the price of super likes too high . Their should be a discounted price for super likes atleast for gold and platinum subscriber's.
Cool
It's a great app
Soo many fake women
Kk
Worst app
Ok bello
Several times sends push message saying I have message or new match and its literally a lie,,app has not been honest been 2.5 weeks literally rubbish just full of snapchat scams Really.not worth.the money per month
Not bad at all
E's divertido conocer nuevas personas.
As good as any dating app.
Ilike
Ever since the new update it keeps giving me the there was a problem logging in message... Highly upset
updated and can't log in no matter what. before it was fine for me
Be careful! There are so many advertisers here! Not who want you to establish a relationship! I payed for 2 months for Pelatinum. There are so so many advertisers (especially for crypto and investments). You can try and waste your time!
New, and still exploring it. quite nice already
Tinder has automated the matching so that app will send super likes in random, no swiping or pressing the actual button needed. Reinstall won't fix this either.
Bio was deleted and now unable to edit it
It's alright kinda basic
Very good
And the app won't shut up about it.  Deleting...
Was a good app, now won't even start up. Have to go on chrome and that's 
just a lot worse
People are crazy :)
Fun to get match ego booster can't hurt once and a while
Love😍😍
What's happening? I can't open the app on 3rd November 18,the logo just pop up and it nothing show up as normal. I would give 5stars if this wouldn't happen. Feed back please.
Been getting it in with this app
Me and my brother swiped right on the same girl. My friends are still laughing at me.
You are vile parasites scamming decent human beings in the most dispicable way..if there is a hell I am 100000000% certain you lot will be in it. An absolutely disgusting app & I got a lot of matches that's not the point, the point is how blatantly rigged this vile app is and I've been on others to make this judgement.. this horrible thing is a disgrace as are the owners and workers. Stay well away from it is my recommendation as will my 7mil subs on yt after I upload this experience. So gl.
Cannot log in?
Update sucks donkey dick
Can't even log in just downloaded it and it keeps asking for Internet connection which I do have. It closes itself
I'm even more disappointed in this app then I was the last time I used it. You have to pay got absolutely EVERYTHING. At least Hily and Bumble give you some free perks each week. 10 people that like me but I'll never see them because I don't feel like paying $20/week. SIf someone "likes" your profile you shouldn't have to pay to see them, let me see them for free and maybe give them a shot, instead of them thinking nobody is interested in them.. nobody see that I like them unless they pay either
Fun!
wonderful
Awesome
I like
Terrible customer service that gets nothing answered.
One word. ...FUN !!
For a free dating app, Tinder is great. I can communicate with my matches... Which is about all I really need if I'm not paying for anything. I've met cool people! Thankful for Tinder.
Pretty awesome Fount a great girl on here
Seriously even if I have Facebook, I'm not comfortable with this app interacting with Facebook. My mom uses Facebook.
some countries are banned from using this app , this is a new low and shameful
Don't waste your time and money.
good one
good
Bakash app. App crashed again n again. Jab bhi profile delete kro its failed. No staff support.. worst app
first we have to chat then we take a subscription
No chat available, only swipe right or left . Second thing, can watch only nearby profiles. Time wastage if you are looking for international friends
waste of time
Sucks
Pay for likes ?  Terrible way to monetise the app. Should have stuck with advertisements.
"Liked" by over 20 women, few days on and I only matched with 6 of them and non of them seems to be active at all (no response). Of course paid functions are there to lure you in to false promises to see who liked you and get greater connectivity but it appears that most profiles are indeed fake or there to promote individual IG accounts.... Loads of profiles are recurring only when you are out of swipes further trying to push you pay for extra likes. Absolute garbage and a massive waste of time
Just uninstall Tinder cause of the new security update using my phone# on to the next app
Excellent
too many hookers and fake profiles
It won't let me share moments
Good for a free "dating" app.
The swipe limit sucks. When did that happen
Waste of time. Matches were good but just annoying and a waste of time for me
Biggest problem with this app is that YOU can have your distance set to 20 miles, but other people who may like you are up to 40 miles away. Tinder will always try to put the person who liked you before anyone else, but then you realise they're way farther than you're willing to drive or can drive to.
I am not despo or something , neither I had only tinder as my only resort to date someone but at a new place I tried tinder once , new place new possibilities , I was stupid enough to buy Tinder gold , Even after a decent profile I got less matches , the ones I got blocked me after 4-5 messages. Though I don't blame tinder for not getting matches but that's the bloody purpose of this app and that's the freakin reason I paid for Tinder gold. What's the point buying it , I regret my 2200 rupees
It's an ok app. I wish you could message people immediately instead of waiting for a match
There's a bug in this app version 13.20.1 its not even opening
It charged me 75.00 without my authorization and can't even get the full benefits after charging my debit card 2x, app sucks, I DO NOT RECOMMEND
Problems problems problems problems problems problems problems problems problems read the reviews either they have fake accounts on there to make them look good so no replies or you'll get a reply but not know  about it for days..... appalling and disastrous. .. This app needs to go back to the drawing board and be rebuilt from scratch!
Will not let me sign in
Daily issues with logging in with no useful feedback as to what is the issue, that seem to resolve themselves at random. Evidently this is a widespread issue but it becomes very irritating.
Interesting and easy to use
Has been good for a while but just recently stopped giving me updates whenever someone sends me a message. Update: suddenly I can't read messages at all.
Good
It's ok
Great app great experience!!!
If my tinder review can get me a woman then I'll upgrade my review to 5 stars 😎😎
Love it
Nothing but bots don't waste your time and definitely do not pay for the subscription it won't help you.
very good experience
Awsom
L I T
Fun
Good
Lol
Tinder is fake app...in this app many fake profile and account also it making fraud
It
Won't let me log in with FB. It keeps crashing whenever I try to log in. Please  fix.
It's not letting me upload my photos. Just keeps saying failed to upload, try again
Best
Very bad experience can't login since 2 days.
horrible app, they have been charging be four months now and there is no 
way to unsubscribe.
Best app to meet people
My account was banned without an explanation, and when asked for one I was told it couldn't be provided. I'm very upset because I was finally getting social again, just to have it taken away. Please work on your customer service team and your banning attempts because some people don't even understand what happened.
The app is "One size fits all" ,...lacks features, especially search criteria. Needs to see the features on Bumble, Mingle , Quack quack and Ok Cupid. Should have province / state wise search. However traffic is good, esp at metros.
App is great, but every now and then, I get stuck on the "find people near me" screen. I dont think itd be an issue of not finding anyone since it would just say "no one near you"
Tinder has become one of the de facto dating apps. It's well designed. But the execution is poor - it forgets bits of conversations. It erases whole messages before you send them randomly. This morning it erased all my matches and ongoing conversations.  EDIT: messages are back! But now scrolling and notifications dont work :/ Scrolling up and down a conversations is choppy and you can't get anywhere. This is the type of shoddy engineering I'm talking about.
Awesome
Very sempul
The most serious problem that I see is the issue of pairing, I have given more than 1000 matches in a day with plus and never but I have never paired with someone good, and the 3 times that I have paired are with women who seek that the follow on instagram and then never speak again, terrible app
Won't let me login
I love this app.
Tinder is a great app especially if you want to meet new people and make new friends. It's the people there that make it boring. It's like every guy wants a "hookup"
Dating Match
Ads for more likes are you kidding?????? Like you aren't exploiting users enough already, Tinder you are disgusting.
Excellent
Tinder Sucks! Basically or you pay or your profile is not listed and not shown. Bumble much better, trust me!
Good
Nice
Once I sign up for a monthly subscription it wont let me cancel it and it keeps taking money from me card. I go to manage payment account in settings and it says i don't have any cards saved, but it literally just keep taking money from my card without me being able to cancel it. That's stealing! I hope you can fix this problem somehow please..
The update sucks! And because my phone updated it without me knowing I can't change it back! I'm definitely not happy about it!! 👿😡
Good
Good
good
got me banned without clear reason, I have been a user for a couple of years. how is that?
Thanks for app
Cool
It will be very nice if it will actually work. For about 2 weeks I'm not able to login but I'm receiving messages telling me I have new match... this is very frustrating 😔
Changing my review from 4 to 1 star. This app skews the power in women's favor so much that it's hard to have fun here. Clearly there's an algorithm that shows me the pretty girls first. The app creates the experience that these good looking ladies are just a click away. I have average looks and thus get zero interest from any of them, provided that the girls I'm interested in are actually here or are really looking for love. The app doesnt help you there. But they will take your money.
Does not properly sync matches or messages across different Android devices under the same Tinder profile. Msg syncing needs to be more robust like Gmail is...
It says it keeps searching for matches..get this fixed and it should be a good app.
Subscription is a scam, and the app intentionally makes it hard for you to get swiped on unless you keep the app open 24/7. Don't waste your time or money.
I was enjoying the experience until today. It keeps flashing the icon, but not the features i.e. men from communications, messages etc
good
Waste of time
Very good
Good one... i guess im just not good enough or maybe i should pay for premium... nevertheless I found one girl who became..... well I wont go in details... lets just say we get along nicely
Lovely App... Increase your footfall with minimising your budgets involved....
Only asks for money No benefits. Many fake accounts are there
why you guys dont accept central bank debit card.
Love it
Worst app always shows error message " account is banned"
I love how with this app you can meet and chat with people and not have to pay just to talk to them
Super fine milfs
I can no longer login!? All of a sudden I was logged out and I can't get back on!?
Will just load and not work
LiveD
It's okay, I mean most people just use this app for sex. However, for those 
who manage to actually find someone with respectable intentions, and a good 
match for them; it's great. I know someone who has a success story, been 
with her man for 2 years now.
Getting likes when we purchace Gold Only
Entertainment
Lots of scams . Also Too expensive !!! Goid bye
Good at last some one chat to me after years 😂
nice app
It's ok. A bit expensive. I m a gold member and today I upgraded to the newest version. Since then app is crashing and don't open (Samsung s7). When you pay you expect better service or updates from the creators. Update 2020 : from 3 stars now 1 star. Because these guys increase the cost by 85% around. 5 super likes was 4.99 euros.. at September 2019 .. at December 2019/January 2020 they cost 8.99 euros.
Worst app I don't like this app
Want to make it mandatory to use my mobile number to "verify" (reads like 'we want more of your personal info to sell') my account when it's already linked through Facebook? Not going to happen in a million years! Might reconsider my single star review if Tinder gets rid of that stupid idea. Till then, bye Felicia!
Works
liked it
freaking love it!
0 stars for banning my account and not bringing it back during the quarantine. Y'all suck. Banned my account for no reason. Customer service is a joke. They say I violated the rules but how and what rule. Y'all suck. 0 stars is what I'd rate them. 💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩 I didn't deserve to have my account banned. I didn't do anything wrong.
How do you turn the difficulty to easy
Make new friends
Continues to have problems loading images and locks up regularly.
Horrible
Até agora nada de bom nesse app...
Blocked account. No reason given and followed policies. When reaching out to support its non existent and they don't provide no reasons.
Great
thanx!
They keep on burning me for no reason, otherwise it's going good
It does its job
It's a ghostly sight
No problems so far
Tinder keeps logging me out and struggels to l9g me back in
Had profile for lil while, everything was fine until I got on one night to update it (nothing against the rules or guidelines mind you) and while updating my account it gets shut down... WTH this app is some bull. I followed every rule and guideline but still got shut down and they won't do anything about it but tell me to make a new one... nope I'm done, time was wasted... and yes I'm crabby about it, started to talk to someone and now they'll think I ghosted them.
Its very easy and good aap
Got banned (I assume) for saying that I will not match with girls who have the "send me $5 and see what happens" in their bio. Got banned for having that in my bio, with no way to appeal the ban, and was not told why I recieved the ban, even after inquiry of why, further than "Violated terms of service". Seriously do not recommend this app.
awesome 👌
exploring thanks 😊😘
Had this for a week. Getting some alerts. Im not sure if you can connect with other people without spending money? User experience is not great - difficult to understand how to use ie what each of the symbols do?
its an awesome app.to meet new people
out standing… love the app
Cant log in and when you do, its just a bunch of fake profiles. Creepers wanting pics and pen pals but never trying to meet in person.
I like it so far. After all the updates it is worth it.
Great
The start up is SUPER slow! Sometimes it's just a white screen for 10 mins! Very annoying!
super
very buggy. i un- and re-installed the app three times, twice just today, cause i keep getting notifications that i have messages and then they don't show up. after re-installing i can then see my messages. no idea why this keeps happening but its very annoying
Doesnt work
Fantastic app
It's a ok app just full of bots/scam accounts
Tinder won't let me cancel my subscriptions please help me stop it
Every single male and female must have this app. Its gods gift to earth.
,the best yet
I just reopened the app to check a notification. All my previous messages and matches are gone. I had some new messages that I hadn't responded to yet either. Thanks. Not. App was fine til then.
I Cant Give 5 Star Because I Cant Login Pls Help Me When You Help Me I Give You Five Star Thx You ..
I didn't got anyone to talk. But yes.. This is one of the NYC app...but when it ask for money.. Sometimes that become panic!
superb application
A bunch of Fake accounts
Would rate 0 stars if possible.. after hundreds of swipes, literally 0 matches. Having looked, it appears my account was shadow banned. I paid for a 1 month gold subscription. No notification to say I've been banned. Having deleted my account and trying to sign up, I have now been I formed that I'm permanently banned on Tinder. Everything is behind a pay wall. Save yourself the hassle, and don't even bother downloading the app.
Not gettig code while log in
Tinder has better crowd than rest of the apps. I so wish people in India would know how to use judiciously. Wish there were more privileges for free account.
Great way to meet people
Worst application.. not a single match since I created profile on the application.. I think they manipulate the system from back end...
Fantastic
Easy to use ...
Asked for me to verify with my cell that is a hell no.
Love
It wont even download!!!!! You guys need to fix this!
Great but..... Not anymore for some reason I went from matching almost everyone I. Swiped right to, to now I haven't made one match in over a week. Then when I go to click on someone's profile from my chat it doesn't let me. It glitches. Once this is fixed.. I'll be happy but until then I'm giving this a bad rating. What's the point of having it if I can't use it and the matching process is broken.
I got tinder plus and want to upgrade to tinder gold but it doesnt let me :/
Paying for standard features, glitches on log in, and waaaaaay too many bots  Update**...still far too much glitches on log in
excellent
Its ok
Waste of time. Don't waste your time, nor money. Either you get ghosted, you never without using the gold.
Really works. I love it
nice
Its nice
its cool
Got loads of response. Spoilt for choice. Great that you can massage within the app so you can narrow it down.
Awsome
I cant verify my phone number it says my phone number was invalid
Taking away the search tab feature in matches was a mistake. To search for a name, profile or keyword now, you have to scroll up or check profiles one after the other. Y'all fix up
Good
Entertainment. .not really sure what else it does. ..girls don't seem to be real...or responsive. ..
I love the app. People just suck
Crapy
Good
Great app
Nothing but hookers and robots unless you live in a major city. Honestly it's a hookup app and 85 percent of the profiles are fake, the 15% that aren't fake are trying to get married to literally anyone but they either want you to pay their bills or they are 400 lb illiterates who need someone to take care of their kids.
privacy
I can't connect tindr to my Facebook account
Not worth it to pay
,😊
Made up and fabricated female profiles in attempt to keep me paying for 
premium and on site all together
I think it doesn't work. Totally waste
Banned my account over nothing and refused to return my purchase Scam
Dont like this new update!! I liked last active and moments!!
It used to be great. An error always occurs every time i try to log in. It works abroad but not in my country. I'm based in PH btw.
great
Without payments i am not getting marched that is why i hate this app..it should be like they are more genuine and then ask us for the pro options
Its really fun
Crashes all the time !! Never works! !!!
Idk what happened but all my matches were gone! Now i get why this app has such a low raring.
Asasas
The match group company is a scammer. They do every little thing in this app to charging just to toy with your emotions on really trying to match with somebody it's sickening how these companies have gotten
always prompting login error even though given correct credentials
beware of the guys texting u to tell them all about yourself yet they never want 2 meet up .. weird.
Bakwas app dont waste ur tyM n data plz guys
Lots of fun
Love love love it
But respond from any one
Pathetic, Suddenly i'm unable to send Any Messages to Matches & When i Uninstall & Reinstall App. My matches are GONE😡😡🤔🤔.
Ok ok, there are many fake account, but still mixed with real human. Need some luck
non stop GPS request pop up. makes app unusable and seems to prevent app from loading people. non stop 'searching'.
Easy to use and great way to meet new people.
The app still requires a Facebook account to use it. I'd have thought they'd have grown out of that by now. Fail, uninstalling. Again.
Samsung Galaxy 5 and this thing crashes CONSTANTLY!!! When it works it's a great app!! I repeat WHEN IT WORKS..
I met an amazing guy on this app and we have been together for almost a year now and I've never been happier
Best app
Zero app. Can't allow you to scroll without so many authentication details. Just allowing a few swipes then locked. Very irritating. Let the developers keep their app to themselves. People can use other friendly apps. I regret joining the app. It's a waste of time and energy very complex in joining not giving an opportunity all interested in payment. To hell with you..bye bye never to try or recommend anyone
I've tried everything to log into tinder on my HTC one mini including enabling GPS removing my Facebook account and logging back in uninstalling and reinstalling both apps but there seems to be no solution online and no update for either app....
It either crashes, ir frequently freezes that it cannot be used. And then it freezes. At which point It will ask if I want to send a report, and then crashes hard enough I can't even exit. EDIT: Now it wont even log me in.
Good app
It seems like a money machine that favours women over men. Pay walls are the norm now. Not what it was 10 yrs ago. You don't support honesty
Great service
Good ty
Nice
I'm getting match notifications yet my app doesn't open. Says something about "couldn't get location, check internet connection" even thou my location settings is on Precise and have an internet connection
Good
Gr8 app
good but needs to free up somethings, almost all exciting things you have to pay to access.. why?
Too many distant and fraudster women.
Mike page inbox chat with to girls
Okay
A great idea and design but for me it periodically freezes and then crashes and I'm on a Galaxy S7 so it's brand new and it puts me off using the app.
Cool app
This app is nice dating app
Nice! Very usefull app
Useless app. Signed out by itself, when I signed in again all the history was gone, very poor in matching, doesn't worth one penny of what I've paid
kahin toh hogin woh
If they would only fix the occasional random crashes and login issues.
uninstalling and never trying again!!!! If I could put zero stars I would I have tried to sign up but every time I sign up I get banned before I could even do anything . I haven't done anything wrong tinder is so stupid and I've already told all my friends not to use it
Hate the way random people can see where I go to school and work.
nice
Would give less. Hadn't done anything but use the app as normal. Was banned, but not told why when I tried to inquire about it.
Absurd notifications from the app itself. "Whatever you're doing, you could be having more fun on Tinder." That's just rude.
Unless you pay for the "gold" upgrade it's pretty bland. Easy to use and not a lot of price gouging like other apps but if you don't subscribe you have a lower chance of success
Easy to use and straight forward
Awesome!
pls fix the app... cant log in anymore...
Worstever application.. you will keep swiping left and right but dont get a Single match. I have been using for 6 months & guess not a single match 😅 lol. It always asking for gold subscription. Don't go fot it.. meet me and bumble app is far better than this
Whenever I tried to get back into my account with same number a few times and now I can't get back into it without a code like I use my number and I reset it a few times and I'm not getting a verication number on it please fix the problem
Keeps logging me out!! I get an error every time I try to log back in. The app is up to date. What the hell
Desyncs all the time so you constantly have to uninstall and reinstall
It is what it is
Super easy to use interface. Only issue I have is when swiping it oftentimes won't allow me to view the persons whole profile.
Too many fake profiles. Too many profiles where you get messages from bots in order to give you hope on a match. Too many matches that won't reply. Sometimes says there are no matches available in your area even if you have matches. they won't appear on your roll unless you pay. I gather about 20 matches. Then i paid once to reveal my matches. 10 were fake profiles. 5 were from a different continent. 4 were not replying ( probably bots ) and one was legit. Money grabbing app. Trully a shame.
I love you hit me up my name is josh
They decided to ban my account without be specific as to what happened. These idiots 😂😂
not a bad app
Plz i want to ask from the tinder team ,why do you haved blocked me from the tinder? And can you open me from the tinder and i am sorry for the violent tnkx
Everything's program by some algorithms. You can have 50 match waiting for you but it will not let you find them so quickly. It Want you to pay to see who matched is the point of there set up. That's there trick is to get you hooked so you can pay for better luck. My experience with tinder seems to be all about money just to connect with someone. You even have to pay if you really want people to see your pictures. Overall it's pretty expensive. bottom line if you want to see results.. pay
I honestly do not know what so many people are complaining about. Tinder is the must have app in NYC.  It's an awesome and innovative new way to meet people. Tinder guys, you rule! Try it now, explore it and trust it always because Tinder knows best...
As most, if not all, dating applications, the scene is devastating. Using currency to block any interaction with people who have an abysmally low chance of finding you to begin with is a great business strategy. However, the self-destructive dating climate as it stands does nothing to redeem this application. It is so much like a pay to win video game, except there is nothing earned in the long run. Good luck out there, soldiers.
I like it❤
1. There's more fake accounts, bots, wannabe IG models and escorts than real users. 2. Premium costs $30 and clearly doesnt help at all. 3. Features that should be built into premium like read receipts and super likes cost extra. 4. I'm constantly shown people outside of my parameters, both age and distance, no matter how many times I refresh the app/settings. 5. There's still no filters or sort by options. Passport was a terrible idea and now my area is flooded with people that don't live here.
Good
Why do you women create a profile and never message anyone back duh?. If you really want someone you've got to message them back get the idea.
Its good
absolutely terrible. waste of money. then when. you try to cancel. it's a hastle. had to contact my bank because it dont show up under my play store. waste of money. and time.
I cant set my account.. it keeps saying opps there's something wrong
Nice app
I would like when ur typing a message that it doesn't disappear, if u have to take a call or answer a text. Your message will disappear and if u spent a long time typing some nice message, it's just gone! Grr!
This app is not safe . Very easy to lose your account then no one can help you from support team even if you profe everything . Facebook mail number . Based on personal experience with them . One month running behind support team none even reply .
Pay to swipe... It's been fun Tinder, but your time to be deleted has come.
Ive been trying to sign in with the verification code sent thru text verifying your phone#. But it keeps saying "try again theres been a error sending your code." Its been two days. Why is this happening????
Nice
Rated
I cant install the app
Easy to use, fun.
It's tender
Has tons of fake female profiles that take up your daily like limit. Crashes after few profiles regardless of which way you swipe.
Tinder social is an invasion of privacy. All my fb friends revealed
All I seem to get is something went wrong try again later for 30 mins then 
works fine for 20 then stops again.
It keeps logging me out, I have to unistall it all the time and then install it again, so annoying fix it
This hole app is like a kik advertisement
It s a little bit difficult the process but it s fun :)
This new update is horrible, go back to the little i next time names that pans down to the page instead of the overlay
Why should i have to pay to see who like me like if they like me i should be sble to see who it is so i can respond to there message or at lest send a message to them if i wanted
Vinayak soni Rajput 👆 🤗😄🤗😠😑
To many bots
Payment option is LIMITED.
it good
I keep having to reinstall the app because the top pics tab acts like I swiped right on someone.
Entertaining
Good
Yuuuuuup
The place to be a lot of fun and getting New friends thanks tinder for brought us together ❤️
This app needs to be better at matching up people
The best app!!!
Excellent and it still needs improvements
Best app for date
Good app to meet different types of people and simple to use.
good for meeting people and hookups. Just incredibly buggy, crashes constantly, force logs you out And even crashed my phone on multiple occasions.
I can't access my Tinder account because you guys banned me, but in my opinion.I didn't do anything wrong, and I didn't spread anything in the form of violence or harsh words. On the other hand, the men there did that to me, so why are you the one who banned me and not them? I use tinder gold and I pay for that. Please be more efficient in banning someone.
Get rid of bots please and thanks
Sorry not for me. You have to leave location on at all times for somEone to match you. Leaving that on drains most batteries too fast. Good for those who want to leave the app on and running though.
I was banned for no reason😡
The app is a nice place to have fun
Giving it a five star rating because It matched me with a lot of people but you guys banned my account when I didn't do violate your terms of service,Please unban my account
Kik is spamming tinder with fake accounts it's actually ridiculous I've seen 4 in the last two days
Wont let me make a account. errors everytime i put a phone number into my information. and i never get any emails from Tinder as well,and no Tinder isn't in my spam or blocked.
Bakwas
Good timepass
Good
I can only log in once every 10th try
Love
I likey
Not effective in my area
so far so good
Awesome way to get to know new people
Don't spend money on this 💀💀💀
Top
Please fix the Android log in problem soon
It's great!
